
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               169374590000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116467                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 703876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   116467                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  2481.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               68257067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   289002839                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     289003200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.169375                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                169374590000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            41.156463                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                   3630                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                8820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             3842                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            14321                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                43                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups           4319                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses            4276                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  20815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2082                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu0.bt.discartedCfgs                     1741                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu0.bt.endResource                          1                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu0.bt.endSpeculation                     237                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu0.bt.endUnknownInst                     572                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu0.bt.insts::samples                     443                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::mean                  22.291196                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::stdev                 12.833377                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::4                            21      4.74%      4.74% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::5                             3      0.68%      5.42% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::6                            11      2.48%      7.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::7                            13      2.93%     10.84% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::8                            15      3.39%     14.22% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::9                             8      1.81%     16.03% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::10                            9      2.03%     18.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::11                           18      4.06%     22.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::12                           10      2.26%     24.38% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::13                           10      2.26%     26.64% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::14                           12      2.71%     29.35% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::15                           13      2.93%     32.28% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::16                           13      2.93%     35.21% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::17                           22      4.97%     40.18% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::18                           12      2.71%     42.89% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::19                           15      3.39%     46.28% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::20                           12      2.71%     48.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::21                           17      3.84%     52.82% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::22                           12      2.71%     55.53% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::23                           12      2.71%     58.24% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::24                           18      4.06%     62.30% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::25                           14      3.16%     65.46% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::26                            8      1.81%     67.27% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::27                            9      2.03%     69.30% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::28                           13      2.93%     72.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::29                           10      2.26%     74.49% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::30                            9      2.03%     76.52% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::31                           14      3.16%     79.68% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::32                            9      2.03%     81.72% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::overflows                    81     18.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::max_value                    94                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::total                       443                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::samples                       443                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::mean                     2.048433                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.400568                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::1                             173     39.05%     39.05% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::2                             264     59.59%     98.65% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::3                               6      1.35%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::min_value                       1                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::total                         443                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.commit.amos                           273                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.number            1261                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples        12244                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean     5.122019                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     4.576197                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4         7512     61.35%     61.35% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9         3069     25.07%     86.42% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14          851      6.95%     93.37% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19          536      4.38%     97.75% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24          255      2.08%     99.83% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           18      0.15%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            1      0.01%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            1      0.01%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            1      0.01%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           63                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::total        12244                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks        12244                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples        12244                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66388            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66404            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66438            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66442            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66708            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66756            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66758            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66808            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66820            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66824            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66834            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66846            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66860            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66870            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66890            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66902            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66964           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66974           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66980           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66992           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67008           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67020           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67038           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67048           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67062           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67220            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67238            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67252            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67292            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67314            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67330            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67344            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67430            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67454            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67542            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67560            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67572            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67586            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67598            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67610            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67618            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67688            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67710            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67714            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67726            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67736            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67746            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67756            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69038            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69064            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69138            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69162            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69166            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69172            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69182            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69214            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69220            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69228            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69260            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69300            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70064            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70090            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70096            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70100            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70110            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70116            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70130            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70152            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70174            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72418            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72436            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72450            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73166            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73216            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73220            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73238            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73246            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73260            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73266            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73272            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73302            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73312            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73358            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73400            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73414            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73420            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73426            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73654            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73662            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73676            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73764            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73824            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73834            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73868            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73884            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73890            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73898            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73910            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74400            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74422            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74430            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74454            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74470            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74474            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74502            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74520            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74528            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74596            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74608            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74620            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74626            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74634            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74652            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74678            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74828            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74836            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75884            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75892            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75900            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75940            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75944            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75954            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75962            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75970            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75976            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75978            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75988            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76008            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76014            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76022            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76036            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76042            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76144            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76162            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76166            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76178            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76186            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76214            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77778            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77790            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77806            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77816            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77822            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77826            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77832            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80142            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80152            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80162            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80168            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80186            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80190            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80376            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81380            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81396            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81412            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81414            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81430            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81446            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81452            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81458            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81468            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81502            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81506            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81530            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81536            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81550            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83074            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83196           15                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83232            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83262            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83302            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83322            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83358            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83360            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83368            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83382            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83404            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83434            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83440            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83444            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83894            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83908            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83928            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83952            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83964            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83974            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99574            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99604            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99670            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99894            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99906            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99942            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99956            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99962            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100022            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100044            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100062            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100120            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100132            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100634            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100650            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100764            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100768            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100868            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100880            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100882            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100892            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100904            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100906            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100916            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100930            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100962            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101044            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101048            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101052            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101388            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101410            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101422            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101428            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101480            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101542            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101690            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101710            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101714            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101812            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101862            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101880            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101886            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101914            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101938            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101956            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101990            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102008            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102012            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102330            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115892            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117626            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117650            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117658            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117760            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117782            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117786            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117890            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117926            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117940            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117952            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117966            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117978            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117988            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118012            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118032            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118036            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118066            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118078            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118098            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118114            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118140            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118156            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118200            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118236            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118278            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118316            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118448            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118472            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118516            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118544            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118576            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118590            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118638            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118642            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118650            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118678            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118680            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118684            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118700            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118778            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118786            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118790            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118810            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118818            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118850            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118994            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::119046            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::119112            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120772           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120808           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122264           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122290           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122292           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122320           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122336           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122350           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122352           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122388           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122472           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122478           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122500           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122518           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122530           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122540           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122546           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122550           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122572           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122584           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122596           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122604           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122624           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122628           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122748           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122768           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122780           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122790           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122796           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122800           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122822           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122864           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122886           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122892           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122914           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122916           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122928           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123094            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123114            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123130            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123142            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123152            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123158            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123162            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123184            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123190            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123220            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123230            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123234            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123258            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123274            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123286            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123298            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123336            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123386            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123392            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123480           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123486           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123498           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123506           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123538           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123566           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131584           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131612           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131624           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131634           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131640           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131644           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131668           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131690           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131702           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131718           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132876           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132888           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132890           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133002            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133066            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133082            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133094            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133116            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133138            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133150            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133250           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133276           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133292           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133314           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133320           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133326           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133358           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133368           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133372           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133384           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133390           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133400           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133426           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133446           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133458           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133468           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133474           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133478           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133490           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133506           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133510           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133516           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133550           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133554           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133556           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133566           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133570           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133586           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133592           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133638           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133642           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133648           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133802           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133824           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133828           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133908           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133914           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133922           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133938           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134078           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134088           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134096           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134122           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134280           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134290           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134316           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134330           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134334           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134348           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134390           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135086           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135592           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135602            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135622            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135646            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135662            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135704            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135718            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135978           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136012           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136016           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136026           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136054           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136056           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136064           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136068           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136076           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136092           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136110           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136118           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136122           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136134           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136138           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136142           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136152           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136160           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136278           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136284           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136292           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136658           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136666           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136698           38                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136718           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136740            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136750            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136752            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136782            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136792            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136798            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136814            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136826            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136832           38                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136852           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136862           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136870           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136882           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136884           81                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888           84                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136898            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136918           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136924           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136932           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136946           22                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136952            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136976            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136988            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137010           22                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137030            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137034           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137064           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137118           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137138           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137150           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137156           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137232           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137238           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137476            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137482            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137494            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137804           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137828           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137864           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137890           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137926           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137936           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137940           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137944           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137948           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137954           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137970           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137976           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137992           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138480           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138560           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138816           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138826           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138850           31                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138852           31                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138860           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138866           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138884           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138890           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138896           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138916            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138922            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138928            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138964            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138972            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138992            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139006            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139086            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139158           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139206           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139260           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140226           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140236           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140292           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140310           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140320           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140326           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140332           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140358           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140370           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140380           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140386           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140392           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140438           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140448           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140462           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140478           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140496           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140510           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140546           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140590           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140724           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140786           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140794           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140806           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140906            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140924            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140952            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140978           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140984           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141010           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141018           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141052           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141066           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141094           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141120           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141394           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141414           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141420           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141470           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141476           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141504           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141532           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141538           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141576           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141694            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141696            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141750           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141784           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141786           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141798           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141812           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141816           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141878            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141914           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141948           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142140           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142186           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142192           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142198           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142240           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142256           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142260           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142490            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142496            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142508           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142522           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142546           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142606           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142654           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142678           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142686           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143130            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143294           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143350           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143392           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143414           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143430           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143434            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143504           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143532           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143678            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143714            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143738           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143748           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143756           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143762           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143766           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143776           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143786           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143792           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143798           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143812           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143832           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143844           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143852           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143856           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143860           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143870           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143910            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::144002           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146616            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146630          126                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146640            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::148614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149072            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149494            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149500            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149514            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149546            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149562            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149610            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149626            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149642            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149674            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149690            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154684           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154722           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154740            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154798            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154804            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154810            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154818            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154822            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154924            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154936            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154950            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154966            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154984           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155014           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155026           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155048           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155066           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155082           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155094           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155316            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155324            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155358            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155366            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155380            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155390            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155398            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155426            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155444            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155484            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155516            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155688            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155774            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155778            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155794            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156232           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156268           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156282           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156290           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156302           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156310           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156366           31                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156384           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156394           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156404           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156414           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156416           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156424           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156440           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156460            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156692           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156914           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157034           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157042           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157074           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157456            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157488            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157490            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157510            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157800           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157820           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157928           53                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157946          110                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157958           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157972           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158230           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158318           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158586           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158594           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158604           39                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158628           39                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158672           39                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159190            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159204            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159210            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159222            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159228            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159232            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159242            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162068           38                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162076           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162100           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162106           36                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162118           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162124           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162130           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162140           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162146           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162152           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162160           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162164           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162182           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162192           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162212           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162226           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162260            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162266            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162282            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162288           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162316           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162414            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162460            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162472            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163864           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163896           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163904           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163912           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163918           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163924           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163934           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163940           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163946           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163992           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164000           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164004           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164014            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164020            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164024            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164026           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164044           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164058           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164066           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164148            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164156            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164160            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164168            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164282            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164356            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164364            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166242            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166250            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166256            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166266            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166278            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166280            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166288            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166298            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166378            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166386            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166388            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166398            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166408            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166426            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166428            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166438            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166496            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166682            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166698            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166700            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167208           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167216           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167226           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167246           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167256           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167262           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167268           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167274            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167288            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167290            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167322            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167328            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167334            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167346            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::168460           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::168612           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::169036           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170528            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170536            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170542            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170544            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170552           95                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170562            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170564            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170610            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170668            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170684            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170696            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170698           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170710           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170820           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170832           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170838           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170846           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170858           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862           21                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866           63                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170882           21                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170896            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170900           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170902           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170908           75                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170924           29                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170964          182                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::171048           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172028           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172038           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172046           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172058           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172060           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172068           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172148           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::173550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174384           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174386           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174404           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174430           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174460           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174476           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174482           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174502           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174600           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174616           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174632           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174712            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174728            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174744            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174824           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174838           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176106            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176134            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176150            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176168            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176174            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176176            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176180            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176212            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176218            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176222            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176238            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176246            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176250            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176264            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176270            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176338           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176346           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176360           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176408            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176422            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179538            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179564            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179566            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179568            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179596            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179950            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179974            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179988            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180020            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180026            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180030            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180056            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180064            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180132            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180138            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180142            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180164            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184444            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184516            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184528            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184544            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184576            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184578            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184878            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185024            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185058            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185078            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185114            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185118            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185128            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185134            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185140            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185152            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185158            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185188            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185192            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185204            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185216            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185232            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185296            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185550            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185556            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185560            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186228            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186290            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187134           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187164           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187166            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187172            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187186            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187218           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187220            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187240            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187254            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187422            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187428            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187444            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187462            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187466            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187488            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187508            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187528            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187542            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187552            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187734            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187740            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187746            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187762            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187772            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187776            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187800            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187848            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187860            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188366            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188378            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188382            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188410            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188442            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188536            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188552            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188638            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188660            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188672            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188686            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188694            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188708            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188714            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188924            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189322            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189440            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189460            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189472            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189488            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189560            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189576            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190120            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190158            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190182            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190192            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222460            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222626            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222634            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222636            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222660            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233750           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233838           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233852           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233860           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233870           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233886           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233904           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233936           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233956           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233972           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233986           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234004           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234016           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234034           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234098           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234174           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234222           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234236           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234246           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234252           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234260           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234338           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234350           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234366           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234368           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234432           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234488           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234592           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235594           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235600           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235620           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235632           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235644           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235656           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235668           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235684           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235696           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235810            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235830            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235880            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235996            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236008            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236068            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236082            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236166            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236186            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236202            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236210            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236222            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236236            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236244            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236260            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236356            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236366            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236460            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237108            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237118            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237374            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237382            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237408            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237708            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238048            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238082            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238110            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238254            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238298            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238310            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238476            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238480            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238492            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238512            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238524            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238544            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238724            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238908            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239550            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239564            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239578            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241914            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278116           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278134           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278162           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278170           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278174           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278186           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278208           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278222           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278236           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278244           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278260            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278286            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281694            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281702            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::285760            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::285774            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::286256            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::286274            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299408            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299526            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299574            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299592            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299636            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299660            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::309608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::309662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::309722            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310170            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310194            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310296            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310310            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310746            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310838            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310868            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310892            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314538            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314558            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314586            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314600            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314722            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314730            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314734            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314750            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::322262            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::322306            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             3480                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     12243                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                 4140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          11740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts               62433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                 62715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       131478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.930766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        93799     71.34%     71.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24018     18.27%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6426      4.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3095      2.35%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         4140      3.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       131478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3003                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                    61656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.loads                        13749                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        510                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          510      0.81%      0.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           36097     57.56%     58.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             39      0.06%     58.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              50      0.08%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          14022     22.36%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         11985     19.11%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total            62715                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.refs                         26019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.committedInsts                      62433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                        62715                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgErased                113                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgReplacement           202                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgsLoaded              3595                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgsWritten              443                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu0.config_cache.hit                    49394                       # Number of hits
system.cpu0.config_cache.hitRatio            0.394303                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu0.config_cache.misses                 75875                       # Number of misses
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.759919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.759919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       102500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       557000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       557000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.027273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       205000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.009091                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009091                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        15040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94744.759556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94744.759556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 101333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data        13418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          13418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    153676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.107846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     33136000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33136000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.021742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu0.data          209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014151                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014151                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          273                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total          273                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu0.data          270                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            270                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.010989                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        11785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93747.925772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93747.925772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 107914.931947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107914.931947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data         9131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          9131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    248806995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248806995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.225202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.225202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         2654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         2125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     57086999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57086999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.392857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        26825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        26825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94126.051216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94126.051216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105400.699766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105400.699766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data        22549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           22549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    402482995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    402482995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.159404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data         4276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         3420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     90222999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90222999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        26825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        26825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94126.051216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94126.051216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105400.699766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105400.699766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data        22549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          22549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    402482995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    402482995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.159404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         4276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         3420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     90222999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90222999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.031911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                   135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.133022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          110977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   690.801799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.674611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.674611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.682617                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           110977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          690.801799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              24110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           345000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                36500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                  428                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved                3832                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                 86270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   39985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                    54310                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                  301                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  979                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation          259                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.113100                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal          419                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.143199                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples         2290                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     3.298690                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     1.781377                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0          179      7.82%      7.82% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1          267     11.66%     19.48% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2          438     19.13%     38.60% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3          292     12.75%     51.35% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4           35      1.53%     52.88% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5         1079     47.12%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total         2290                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult           32                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu        19294                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch         9062                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load        11812                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store        10109                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses          636                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.217362                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted         2290                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext         1684                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.735371                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully         1612                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec        50309                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec              187                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.081659                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.slower              419                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.182969                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg           2926                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           91                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples            1871                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           2.046324                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.412789                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                   723     38.64%     38.64% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                  1116     59.65%     98.29% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    32      1.71%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value             1                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::total              1871                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples        16207                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.286913                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.858776                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0         4318     26.64%     26.64% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1         2921     18.02%     44.67% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2         8968     55.33%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total        16207                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples         1871                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean 50041.529663                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev 2163774.191486                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9          880     47.03%     47.03% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19          372     19.88%     66.92% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29          195     10.42%     77.34% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39          201     10.74%     88.08% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           56      2.99%     91.07% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59           97      5.18%     96.26% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69           38      2.03%     98.29% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            4      0.21%     98.50% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            4      0.21%     98.72% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            3      0.16%     98.88% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%     98.88% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows           21      1.12%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value     93594195                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total         1871                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation          116                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.276850                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples          419                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     3.560859                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     2.613545                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10          419    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value           10                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total          419                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     93626210                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      20815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    25489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                        90644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        100252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   8036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.120800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf          3595                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu0.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation         2111                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             40755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches              3673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.581812                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            135430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.743019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.945413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   66947     49.43%     49.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48296     35.66%     85.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   11723      8.66%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    4971      3.67%     97.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                    3493      2.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              135430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully         1470                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst        25489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87439.129348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87439.129348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86786.323565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86786.323565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst        24569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          24569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     80443999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80443999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.036094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     71077999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71077999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst        25489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        25489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87439.129348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87439.129348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86786.323565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86786.323565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst        24569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           24569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     80443999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80443999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.036094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     71077999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71077999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst        25489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        25489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87439.129348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87439.129348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86786.323565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86786.323565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        24569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          24569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     80443999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80443999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.036094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst          101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     71077999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71077999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.072215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          102773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   255.962477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           102773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.962477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              25386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   13706                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.406610                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                       28118                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     12663                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                    469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                16148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               13224                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts              74456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                15455                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2733                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts                70063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     5                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 7761                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 7788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           17                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              83                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          954                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3810                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            65                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                    21879                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                        68440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.868367                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                    18999                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.397191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                         68928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                   86653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                  43989                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.362330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.362330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              685      0.94%      0.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                42962     59.02%     59.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  39      0.05%     60.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   80      0.11%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     60.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               16294     22.38%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              12724     17.48%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                 72796                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         72                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000989                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     72    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                 72171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            281093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        68428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            86185                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                     73143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                    72796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          11740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               23                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         4883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       135430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.537518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.843413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              84542     62.42%     62.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              36218     26.74%     89.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               9621      7.10%     96.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               2860      2.11%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               2189      1.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         135430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.422471                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples         1871                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean  50061.781935                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev 2163774.440179                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11           119      6.36%      6.36% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15          223     11.92%     18.28% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19          232     12.40%     30.68% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23          163      8.71%     39.39% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27          180      9.62%     49.01% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31          124      6.63%     55.64% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              24      1.28%     56.92% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows          806     43.08%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value           10                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value     93594226                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total         1871                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             1356                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads               16148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              13224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                    175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.numCycles                          172310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  4                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            2                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     84601141500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   12718069942.575554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            2    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value  75608108000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value  93594175000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              2                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      172307000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 169202283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                   169202281                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                  14614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps                39454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                   132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   42989                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups                98156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                 81923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands              53157                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                    52091                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 10481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                11251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   13703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups           98144                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               478                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     3078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           479                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      199557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     152871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  175                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS     93665594                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu0mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams            16207                       # system.cpu0.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.194733                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                4637221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4820660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           353580                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          4874204                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 6                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups         183237                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses          183231                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                5110084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       156371                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.bt.discartedCfgs                   750948                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu1.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu1.bt.endSpeculation                      96                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu1.bt.endUnknownInst                      54                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu1.bt.insts::samples                     158                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::mean                  27.088608                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::stdev                 25.602393                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::4                             4      2.53%      2.53% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::5                             1      0.63%      3.16% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::6                             2      1.27%      4.43% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::7                             1      0.63%      5.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::8                             0      0.00%      5.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::9                             8      5.06%     10.13% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::10                            6      3.80%     13.92% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::11                           29     18.35%     32.28% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::12                            2      1.27%     33.54% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::13                            0      0.00%     33.54% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::14                            2      1.27%     34.81% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::15                            1      0.63%     35.44% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::16                            8      5.06%     40.51% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::17                            2      1.27%     41.77% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::18                            8      5.06%     46.84% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::19                            7      4.43%     51.27% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::20                            1      0.63%     51.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::21                            4      2.53%     54.43% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::22                            3      1.90%     56.33% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::23                            3      1.90%     58.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::24                            5      3.16%     61.39% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::25                            2      1.27%     62.66% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::26                            7      4.43%     67.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::27                            3      1.90%     68.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::28                            1      0.63%     69.62% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::29                            7      4.43%     74.05% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::30                            1      0.63%     74.68% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::31                            2      1.27%     75.95% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::32                            2      1.27%     77.22% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::overflows                    36     22.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::max_value                   137                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::total                       158                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::samples                       158                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::mean                     2.075293                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.381279                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::1                              42     26.58%     26.58% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::2                             115     72.78%     99.37% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::3                               1      0.63%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::min_value                1.090909                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::total                         158                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.commit.amos                            10                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.number             304                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples      4956787                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean    13.896469                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     6.925402                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4       236335      4.77%      4.77% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       701498     14.15%     18.92% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14      1892926     38.19%     57.11% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19       129655      2.62%     59.72% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24      1996345     40.27%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           28      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::total      4956787                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks      4956787                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples      4956787                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67114            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67140            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67146            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67152            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67184            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67190            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67910        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67934       388890                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67948        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67954      1633338                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67976        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68022       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68028        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68086        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68104       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68110        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68164        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68182       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68188        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68248        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68264       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68270        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68320        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68490            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68550            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68578        25916                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68590        25921                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68592       181447                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68630        25921                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68640        25921                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68644            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68684            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68822            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68834            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68838           35                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68876            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68904            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68978            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68990            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72730            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72938            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72950            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115892            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120772            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120808            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133002            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133066            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133082            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133094            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133116            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133138            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133150            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135602            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135622            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135646            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135662            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135704            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135718            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136698           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136718           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136752            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136782            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136792            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136798            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136814            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136826            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136832           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136852           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136862           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136870           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136882           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136884          400                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888          400                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136898            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136918           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136924           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136932           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136946           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137010           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137030            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137476            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137482            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137494            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138816            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138826            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138850            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138852            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138972            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170528            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170536            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170544            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170562            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170582            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170586            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170610            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170668            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170684            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170696            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170698           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170710           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170820        25982                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170832        25936                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170838        25934                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170846        25934                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170858        25934                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862        25934                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866       181465                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170882        25934                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170900        25930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170902           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170908          393                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170924           52                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170926            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170944            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172028           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172038           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172046           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172058            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172060           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172068           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172112            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172148           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172156            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172158            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172168            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172170            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172182            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172184            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172196            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172198            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172210            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172212            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172224            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172226            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172238            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172240            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172252            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172254            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174712            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174744            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174758            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174768            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174792            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174798            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179590            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179604            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179724            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179740            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179756            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179762            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179768            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179778            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179812            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179816            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179840            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179846            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179852            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179860            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181362            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222460           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222478           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222552          374                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222554           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222578           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222626            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222636            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222660            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222728           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222824           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233750            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233838            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233852            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233860            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233870            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233886            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233904            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233936            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233956            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233972            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233986            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234004            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234016            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234034            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234070           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234098           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234174            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234222            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234236            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234246            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234252            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234260            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234338            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234350            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234366            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234368            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234432            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234488            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234592            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234970           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235010           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235064           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235100           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235116           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235132           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235264           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235270           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235310           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235594           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235600           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235620           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235632           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235644           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235656           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235668           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235684           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235696            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235810           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235830           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235880           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235996           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236008           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236068           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236082           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236166           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236186           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236202           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236210           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236222           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236236           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236244           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236260           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236752           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236780           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236902           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236906           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237108            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237118            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237278           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238048           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238082           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238110           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238254           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238298           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238310            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238908            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239550            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241914            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350162            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350250            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350352            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350366            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350372            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350386            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           333124                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   4956786                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               960183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             73                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         499117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            68881815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              68881839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75273031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.915093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.928256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26539010     35.26%     35.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     36983758     49.13%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4312891      5.73%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6477189      8.60%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       960183      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75273031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              208512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 68777871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     10374713                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         31                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           31      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        55185507     80.12%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              11      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       10374723     15.06%     95.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3321555      4.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         68881839                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13696290                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   68881815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     68881839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgErased                 70                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgsLoaded           1166409                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgsWritten              156                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu1.config_cache.hit                 70458820                       # Number of hits
system.cpu1.config_cache.hitRatio            0.928519                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu1.config_cache.misses               5424204                       # Number of misses
system.cpu1.cpi                              2.456654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        2.456654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        47400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        47400                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu1.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10375543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10375543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129011.675613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129011.675613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128906.945562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128906.945562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10323383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10323383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6729249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6729249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        52160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        52160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        26057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        26057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3364858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3364858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        16000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        12000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      3321546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3321546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 75568.489726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75568.489726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        70950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      3321254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3321254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     22065999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22065999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      7095000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7095000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     13697089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13697089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128714.157687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128714.157687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128685.761172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128685.761172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     13644637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        13644637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6751314999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6751314999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        52452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         52452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        26249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        26249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3371953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3371953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     13697089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13697089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128714.157687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128714.157687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128685.761172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128685.761172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     13644637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       13644637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6751314999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6751314999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        52452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        52452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        26249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        26249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3371953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3371953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 25166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           521.869293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        54814780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1011.803472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.988089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991211                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            26196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         54814780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1011.803472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13670888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        155843000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              2712170                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                20478                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             4611312                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              70147821                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                17976799                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 54454752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                333137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                   80                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               129591                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation       155686                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.170593                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal       187471                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.185039                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples       912615                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     4.474983                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     1.360150                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0        20402      2.24%      2.24% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1        87691      9.61%     11.84% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2           46      0.01%     11.85% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3           76      0.01%     11.86% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4        26074      2.86%     14.71% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5       778326     85.29%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total       912615                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu     50206048                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch      4272404                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load     10286258                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store      3320942                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses       100528                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.099224                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted       912615                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext       733158                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.803360                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully       707191                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec     68085652                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec           129719                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.142140                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.slower            49738                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.054501                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg        1013143                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           16                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples          862877                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.950684                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.236463                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                285270     33.06%     33.06% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                577605     66.94%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                     2      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.285714                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::total            862877                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples     31855881                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.596055                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.695237                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0      3863820     12.13%     12.13% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1      5140388     16.14%     28.27% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2     22851673     71.73%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total     31855881                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples       862877                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean    36.580881                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev    20.231314                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9        84669      9.81%      9.81% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19        52061      6.03%     15.85% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29       103860     12.04%     27.88% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39       337068     39.06%     66.95% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           15      0.00%     66.95% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59        77776      9.01%     75.96% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69       207395     24.04%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            9      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            1      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows           16      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value          177                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total       862877                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation           96                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.001930                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples        49738                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     2.230025                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     1.475288                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10        49738    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            5                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total        49738                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     31453884                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    5110084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 16146642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     58775741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                26470                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      70670086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles     93605203                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 707186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf       1166409                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu1.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation       404231                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          16477114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4637227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.417626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         169211652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.417643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.705515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               114158039     67.46%     67.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                44342548     26.21%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 6818688      4.03%     97.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 2879294      1.70%     99.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1013083      0.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           169211652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully       762178                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     16146642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16146642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 64125.954198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64125.954198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 64160.173160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64160.173160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     16146380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16146380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     16801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     14821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     16146642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     16146642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 64125.954198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64125.954198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 64160.173160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64160.173160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     16146380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        16146380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     16801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     14821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     16146642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     16146642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 64125.954198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64125.954198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 64160.173160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64160.173160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     16146380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       16146380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     16801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     14821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                    61                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         69898.748918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        64586799                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   157.652031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.615828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.615828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.664062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         64586799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          157.652031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           16146611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        155822000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           7145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              333250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 4957476                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.408001                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    13697578                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   3321921                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                    359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10453806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           333309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3322085                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           69380956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10375657                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           338421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             69041471                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                333137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  245                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              70                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        79093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       157242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        176008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 24612989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     69040937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.978918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 24094100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.407998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      69040983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               100159157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               60814078                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.407058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.407058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               42      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             55604131     80.14%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   13      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10453714     15.07%     95.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3321980      4.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              69379892                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         16                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     16    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              69379854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         307971445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     69040925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         69880065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  69380845                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 69379892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                111                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         499117                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               17                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            38                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        80346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    169211652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.410018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.680431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          114566452     67.71%     67.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           43491070     25.70%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            7963247      4.71%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2801204      1.66%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             389679      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      169211652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.410001                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples       862877                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     81.417538                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev    38.489651                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11         58458      6.77%      6.77% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15           56      0.01%      6.78% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19           33      0.00%      6.79% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23          119      0.01%      6.80% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27        26032      3.02%      9.82% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31        25962      3.01%     12.82% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              26      0.00%     12.83% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows       752191     87.17%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value           11                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value          298                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total       862877                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads               75                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores              39                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            10453806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            3322085                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     11                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.numCycles                       169218797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                      155793                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                2580723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             60655759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                18205735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            101120104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              69949528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           61669013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 54303548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                 77808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                333137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               181544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 1013254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       101120092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          1762                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                57                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                   388739                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            55                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   143693661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  139095329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS     70253321                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu1mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams         31855881                       # system.cpu1.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.175151                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                4339041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             4511603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           294058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          4561854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                16                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups         172359                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses          172343                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4783738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted       147012                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.bt.discartedCfgs                   658300                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu2.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu2.bt.endSpeculation                      76                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu2.bt.endUnknownInst                      55                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu2.bt.insts::samples                   19617                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::mean                   7.154152                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::stdev                  2.877245                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::4                             1      0.01%      0.01% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::5                             2      0.01%      0.02% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::6                             2      0.01%      0.03% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::7                         19464     99.22%     99.25% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::8                             0      0.00%     99.25% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::9                             9      0.05%     99.29% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::10                           33      0.17%     99.46% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::11                            5      0.03%     99.49% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::12                            3      0.02%     99.50% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::13                            0      0.00%     99.50% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::14                            2      0.01%     99.51% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::15                            1      0.01%     99.52% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::16                           13      0.07%     99.58% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::17                            1      0.01%     99.59% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::18                            7      0.04%     99.62% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::19                            2      0.01%     99.63% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::20                            0      0.00%     99.63% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::21                            2      0.01%     99.64% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::22                            2      0.01%     99.65% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::23                            3      0.02%     99.67% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::24                            7      0.04%     99.70% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::25                            0      0.00%     99.70% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::26                            5      0.03%     99.73% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::27                            2      0.01%     99.74% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::28                            1      0.01%     99.75% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::29                           14      0.07%     99.82% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::30                            3      0.02%     99.83% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::31                            1      0.01%     99.84% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::32                            2      0.01%     99.85% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::overflows                    30      0.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::max_value                   137                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::total                     19617                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::samples                     19617                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::mean                     1.405011                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.065885                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::1                           19521     99.51%     99.51% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::2                              94      0.48%     99.99% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::3                               2      0.01%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::min_value                1.166667                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::total                       19617                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.commit.amos                            12                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.number             308                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples      4658642                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean    13.895860                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     6.925659                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4       222284      4.77%      4.77% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       659358     14.15%     18.92% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14      1778973     38.19%     57.11% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19       121851      2.62%     59.73% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24      1876148     40.27%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           28      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::total      4658642                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks      4658642                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples      4658642                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67114            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67140            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67146            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67152            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67184            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67190            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67910        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67934       365475                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67948        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67954      1534995                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67976        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68022       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68028        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68086        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68104       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68110        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68164        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68182       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68188        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68248        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68264       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68270        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68320        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68490            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68550            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68578        24355                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68590        24360                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68592       170520                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68630        24360                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68640        24360                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68644            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68684            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68822            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68834            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68838           35                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68876            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68904            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68978            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68990            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72730            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72938            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72950            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81640            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81650            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81654            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81672            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81682            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115892            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120772            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120808            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133002            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133066            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133082            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133094            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133116            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133138            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133150            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135602            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135622            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135646            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135662            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135704            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135718            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136698           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136718           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136752            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136782            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136792            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136798            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136814            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136826            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136832           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136852           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136862           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136870           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136882           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136884          393                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888          393                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136898            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136918           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136924           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136932           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136946           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137010           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137030            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137476            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137482            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137494            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138816            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138826            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138850            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138852            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138972            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170528            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170536            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170542            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170544            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170562            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170582            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170610            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170668            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170684            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170696            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170698           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170710           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170820        24421                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170832        24376                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170838        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170846        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170858        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866       170530                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170882        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170900        24370                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170902           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170908          412                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170924           51                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172028           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172038           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172046           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172058            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172060           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172068           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172112            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172148           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172156            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172158            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172168            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172170            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172182            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172184            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172196            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172198            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172210            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172212            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172224            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172226            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172238            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172240            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172252            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172254            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174712            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174744            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174758            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174768            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174792            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174798            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179590            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179604            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179724            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179740            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179756            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179762            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179768            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179778            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179812            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179816            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179840            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179846            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179852            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179860            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181362            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222460           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222478           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222552          367                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222554           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222578           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222626            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222636            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222660            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222728           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222824           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233750            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233838            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233852            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233860            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233870            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233886            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233904            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233936            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233956            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233972            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233986            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234004            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234016            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234034            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234070           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234098           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234174            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234222            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234236            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234246            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234252            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234260            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234338            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234350            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234366            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234368            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234432            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234488            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234510            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234592            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234970           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235010           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235064           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235100           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235116           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235132           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235264           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235270           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235310           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235594           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235600           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235620           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235632           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235644           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235656           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235668           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235684           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235696            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235810           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235830           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235880           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235996           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236008           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236068           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236082           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236166           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236186           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236202           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236210           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236222           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236236           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236244           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236260           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236752           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236780           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236902           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236906           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237108            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237118            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237278           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238048           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238082           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238110           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238254           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238298           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238310            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238604            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238908            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239550            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241914            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350162            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350250            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350352            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350366            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350372            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350386            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           293976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   4658641                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               902468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         469299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            64735814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              64735839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     70521302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.917961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.927713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24701655     35.03%     35.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     34776533     49.31%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4072504      5.77%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6068142      8.60%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       902468      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     70521302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              196038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 64638108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      9750303                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           32      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        51863702     80.12%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              11      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        9750315     15.06%     95.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3121767      4.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         64735839                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      12872094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   64735814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     64735839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgErased              19530                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgsLoaded           1053985                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgsWritten            19615                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu2.config_cache.hit                 65835108                       # Number of hits
system.cpu2.config_cache.hitRatio            0.921963                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu2.config_cache.misses               5572400                       # Number of misses
system.cpu2.cpi                              2.613934                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        2.613934                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        70100                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        70100                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       701000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       701000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.434783                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.434783                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu2.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      9751123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9751123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126244.358373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126244.358373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126136.169172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126136.169172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      9702068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9702068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6192917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6192917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.005031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        49055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        49055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data        24512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3095760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3095760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu2.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        32000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        32000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      3121759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3121759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 75663.577160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75663.577160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 79601.941748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79601.941748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      3121435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3121435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data     24514999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24514999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data          324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      8199000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8199000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          162                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     12872882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12872882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125912.472893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125912.472893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125941.694393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125941.694393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     12823503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        12823503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6217431999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6217431999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        49379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         49379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data        24733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3103959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3103959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     12872882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12872882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125912.472893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125912.472893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125941.694393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125941.694393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     12823503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       12823503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6217431999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6217431999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        49379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        49379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data        24733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3103959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3103959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 23590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           521.478935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51516386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1010.446021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.986764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            24638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51516386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1010.446021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           12848198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        158519000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              2480976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             4314674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              65868610                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                16780090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 51138654                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                293993                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                   63                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               121858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation       146322                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.170455                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal       209702                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.219344                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples       858418                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     4.488841                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     1.269760                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0           13      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1        97393     11.35%     11.35% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2           57      0.01%     11.35% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3          101      0.01%     11.37% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4        48778      5.68%     17.05% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5       712076     82.95%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total       858418                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu     47066464                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch      3960738                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load      9749669                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store      3121231                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses        97622                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.102111                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted       858418                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext       658501                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.767110                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully       673070                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec     63898102                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec           160891                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.187427                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.slower            39026                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.045463                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg         956040                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           17                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples          819392                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.971519                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.258067                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                292554     35.70%     35.70% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                526810     64.29%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    28      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.285714                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::total            819392                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples     29877148                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.595761                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.694453                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0      3606701     12.07%     12.07% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1      4864099     16.28%     28.35% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2     21406348     71.65%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total     29877148                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples       819392                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean    36.174764                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev    20.432862                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       107512     13.12%     13.12% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19        29441      3.59%     16.71% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29        97579     11.91%     28.62% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39       316811     38.66%     67.29% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           12      0.00%     67.29% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59        73094      8.92%     76.21% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69       194911     23.79%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            9      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            1      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows           15      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value          676                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total       819392                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation        39010                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.999590                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples        39026                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.001230                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     0.054034                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10        39026    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            5                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total        39026                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     29602238                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4783738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 15117740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     55131295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                24904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      66360103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles     98390318                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 588150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.028270                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf       1053985                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu2.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation       400486                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15390200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4339057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.392164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         169205889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.392186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.690928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0               117503696     69.44%     69.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                41654613     24.62%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 6389384      3.78%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 2705997      1.60%     99.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  952199      0.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           169205889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully       653499                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     15117740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15117740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 76511.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76511.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 74900.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74900.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     15117482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       15117482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     19740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     17377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     15117740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     15117740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 76511.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76511.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 74900.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74900.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     15117482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        15117482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     19740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     17377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     15117740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     15117740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 76511.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76511.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 74900.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74900.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     15117482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       15117482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     19740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     17377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                    65                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         65162.560345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        60471192                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   157.729206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.616130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.616130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.652344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60471192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          157.729206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           15117714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        158498000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total               65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           9237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              294096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 4659306                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.383453                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    12873371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3122137                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                    276                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9824707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           294154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3122306                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           65205138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9751234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           318105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             64886000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  188                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                293993                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              69                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        74404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       147825                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        146271                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 23131736                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     64885486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.978905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 22643783                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.383450                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      64885539                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                94130500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               57153468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.382565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.382565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               47      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             52257227     80.14%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   13      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9824609     15.07%     95.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3122197      4.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              65204105                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         16                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     16    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              65204062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         299614107                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     64885474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         65674429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  65205019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 65204105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                119                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         469299                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               16                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        75604                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    169205889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.385354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.666815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          117849764     69.65%     69.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           40873201     24.16%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            7484093      4.42%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2632606      1.56%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             366225      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      169205889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.385333                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples       819392                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     80.626247                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev    38.921122                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11             9      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15        24457      2.98%      2.99% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19        58514      7.14%     10.13% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23        24491      2.99%     13.12% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27           72      0.01%     13.12% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31           54      0.01%     13.13% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              26      0.00%     13.13% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows       711769     86.87%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value           11                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value          697                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total       819392                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads               55                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores              39                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             9824707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3122306                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     15                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.numCycles                       169215126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  2                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean          996000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       996000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value       996000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   169373594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED       996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                      159464                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                2356761                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             57004573                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                16976186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             95014575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              65720435                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           57937898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 51015637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                 73251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                293993                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               170824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  933325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        95014563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          2170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                64                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                   365578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            62                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   134823790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  130704544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            165                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS     66064502                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu2mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams         29877148                       # system.cpu2.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.197783                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits               10410221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups            10821685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect           703514                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted         10940355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 8                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups         411263                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses          411255                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups               11469462                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted       351783                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.bt.discartedCfgs                  1579123                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu3.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu3.bt.endSpeculation                      91                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu3.bt.endUnknownInst                      62                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu3.bt.insts::samples                   53745                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::mean                   8.061252                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::stdev                  1.729171                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::4                             2      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::5                             2      0.00%      0.01% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::6                             2      0.00%      0.01% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::7                             2      0.00%      0.01% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::8                         53508     99.56%     99.57% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::9                             8      0.01%     99.59% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::10                           10      0.02%     99.61% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::11                           92      0.17%     99.78% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::12                            2      0.00%     99.78% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::13                            0      0.00%     99.78% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::14                            2      0.00%     99.79% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::15                            2      0.00%     99.79% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::16                           26      0.05%     99.84% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::17                            1      0.00%     99.84% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::18                            7      0.01%     99.85% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::19                            2      0.00%     99.86% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::20                            0      0.00%     99.86% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::21                            2      0.00%     99.86% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::22                            2      0.00%     99.86% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::23                            3      0.01%     99.87% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::24                            8      0.01%     99.88% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::25                            0      0.00%     99.88% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::26                            6      0.01%     99.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::27                            2      0.00%     99.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::28                            1      0.00%     99.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::29                           16      0.03%     99.93% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::30                            3      0.01%     99.94% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::31                            1      0.00%     99.94% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::32                            2      0.00%     99.94% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::overflows                    31      0.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::max_value                   137                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::total                     53745                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::samples                     53745                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::mean                     1.601832                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.035120                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::1                           53630     99.79%     99.79% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::2                             113      0.21%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::3                               2      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::min_value                1.166667                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::total                       53745                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.commit.amos                            18                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.number             310                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples     11173595                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean    13.900880                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     6.923554                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4       529764      4.74%      4.74% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9      1580482     14.14%     18.89% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14      4268699     38.20%     57.09% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19       292377      2.62%     59.71% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24      4502240     40.29%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           33      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::total     11173595                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks     11173595                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples     11173595                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67114            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67140            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67146            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67152            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67184            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67190            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67910        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67934       877050                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67948        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67954      3683610                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67976        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68022      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68028        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68086        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68104      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68110        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68164        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68182      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68188        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68248        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68264      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68270        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68320        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68490            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68550            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68578        58458                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68590        58464                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68592       409248                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68630        58464                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68640        58464                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68644            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68684            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68822            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68834            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68838           42                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68876            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68904            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68978            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68990            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72206            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72416            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72474            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72564            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72658            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72730            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72938            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72950            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81640            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81650            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81654            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81672            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81682            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81684            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102348            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115892            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115900            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116000            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116010            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120772            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120808            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133002            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133066            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133082            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133094            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133116            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133138            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133150            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135602            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135622            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135646            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135662            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135704            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135718            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136698           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136718           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136752            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136782            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136792            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136798            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136814            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136826            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136832           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136852           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136862           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136870           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136882           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136884          475                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888          475                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136898            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136918           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136924           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136932           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136946           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137010           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137030            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137476            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137482            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137494            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138816            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138826            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138850            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138852            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138972            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170528            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170536            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170542            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170544            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170562            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170582            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170610            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170614            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170668            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170684            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170696            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170698           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170710           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170820        58536                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170832        58478                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170838        58478                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170846        58478                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170858        58478                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862        58478                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866       409272                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170882        58478                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170900        58476                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170902           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170908          488                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170924           60                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172028           40                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172038           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172046           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172058            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172060           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172068           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172112            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172148           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172156            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172158            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172168            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172170            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172182            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172184            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172196            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172198            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172210            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172212            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172224            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172226            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172238            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172240            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172252            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172254            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258           40                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174712            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174744            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174758            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174768            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174792            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174798            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179590            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179604            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179724            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179740            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179756            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179762            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179768            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179778            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179812            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179816            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179840            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179846            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179852            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179860            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181362            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222460           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222478           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222552          449                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222554           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222578           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222626            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222636            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222660            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222728           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222824           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233750            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233838            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233852            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233860            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233870            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233886            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233904            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233936            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233956            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233972            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233986            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234004            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234016            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234034            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234070           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234098           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234174            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234222            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234236            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234246            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234252            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234256            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234260            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234338            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234350            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234366            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234368            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234432            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234488            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234510            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234592            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234970           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235010           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235064           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235100           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235116           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235132           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235264           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235270           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235310           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235594           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235600           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235620           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235632           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235644           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235656           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235668           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235684           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235696            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235810           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235830           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235880           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235996           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236008           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236068           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236082           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236166           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236186           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236202           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236210           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236222           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236236           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236244           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236260           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236752           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236780           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236902           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236906           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237108            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237118            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237278           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238048           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238082           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238110           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238254           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238298           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238310            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238604            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238608            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238908            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239550            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241914            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350162            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350250            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350312            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350352            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350366            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350372            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350386            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350396            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           703432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  11173594                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events              2164254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             95                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1118168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           155322777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             155322807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    168478537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.921915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.927709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     58538364     34.75%     34.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     83446467     49.53%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9769032      5.80%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     14560420      8.64%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2164254      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    168478537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              469077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                155088609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     23393103                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         38                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           38      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       124441908     80.12%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              12      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       23393121     15.06%     95.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       7487716      4.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        155322807                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      30880849                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  155322777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    155322807                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgErased              53656                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgsLoaded           2608474                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgsWritten            53744                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu3.config_cache.hit                158205145                       # Number of hits
system.cpu3.config_cache.hitRatio            0.921730                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu3.config_cache.misses              13434234                       # Number of misses
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.089330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.089330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        58500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        58500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu3.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       702000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       702000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.413793                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.413793                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu3.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     23394007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23394007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114452.670193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114452.670193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114364.674404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114364.674404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     23276787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23276787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  13416142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13416142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.005011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       117220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       117220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data        58543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6710576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6710576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu3.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              9                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        72000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        72000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        54000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      7487708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7487708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 75731.982709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75731.982709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 73913.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73913.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      7487361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7487361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data     26278998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26278998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      8500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data          115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     30881715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30881715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114338.385755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114338.385755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114285.549054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114285.549054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     30764148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        30764148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  13442420998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13442420998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       117567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        117567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data        58775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6719076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6719076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     30881715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30881715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114338.385755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114338.385755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114285.549054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114285.549054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     30764148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       30764148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  13442420998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13442420998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       117567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       117567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data        58775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6719076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6719076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 57749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           524.316533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       123585915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1014.905660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.991119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        123585915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1014.905660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           30822996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        160497000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              5243422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  106                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved            10351743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             158026018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                40247759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                122695647                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                703453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                   67                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               292029                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation       458145                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.219590                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal       516698                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.222672                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples      2086368                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     4.430130                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     1.336409                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0           17      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1       267800     12.84%     12.84% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2           68      0.00%     12.84% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3          238      0.01%     12.85% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4       116994      5.61%     18.46% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5      1701251     81.54%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            5                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total      2086368                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu    112890769                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch      9486483                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load     23392451                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store      7379924                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses       234078                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.100876                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted      2086368                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext      1686618                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.808399                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully      1628132                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec    153149627                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.penaltyCycles            0                       # Number of cycles added due penalty by the sharing mechanism
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec           399659                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.191557                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.slower               91                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.000044                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg        2320446                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           13                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples         2086277                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.985731                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.317734                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                809027     38.78%     38.78% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::2               1277217     61.22%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    33      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.285714                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::total           2086277                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples     71637476                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.599756                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.690780                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0      8493614     11.86%     11.86% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1     11685277     16.31%     28.17% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2     51458585     71.83%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total     71637476                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples      2086277                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean    34.056416                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev    21.745862                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       385285     18.47%     18.47% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19        63554      3.05%     21.51% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29       234044     11.22%     32.73% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39       760189     36.44%     69.17% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           18      0.00%     69.17% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59       175408      8.41%     77.58% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69       467753     22.42%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            9      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            1      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            7      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value         3027                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total      2086277                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation           75                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.824176                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples           91                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.472527                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     0.898649                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10           91    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            5                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total           91                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     71050983                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   11469462                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 36264659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                    131566585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                59081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     159199524                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         9694                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                1407070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.067787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf       2608474                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu3.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation       980471                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          36912189                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          10410229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.940908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples         169192004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.940940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.793000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                45149634     26.69%     26.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                99942236     59.07%     85.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                15325680      9.06%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 6491812      3.84%     98.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 2282642      1.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total           169192004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully      1574411                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36264659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36264659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 53972.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53972.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 53094.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53094.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36264407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36264407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     13601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     12318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36264659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36264659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 53972.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53972.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 53094.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53094.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36264407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36264407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     13601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     12318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36264659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36264659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 53972.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53972.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 53094.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53094.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36264407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36264407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     13601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     12318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                    63                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         156313.099138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       145058868                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   150.176058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.586625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.586625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.660156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        145058868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          150.176058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36264639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        160476000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total               63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           5834                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              703565                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                11174323                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    0.920095                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    30882298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   7488151                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                    391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             23569967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           703658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7488354                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          156440975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             23394147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           761589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            155678138                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  220                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                703453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              92                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       176864                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       352656                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        350909                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                 55497832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    155677540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.978939                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 54328972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      0.920092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     155677589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               225849798                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes              137132811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.917995                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.917995                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               57      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            125381573     80.15%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   14      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            23569855     15.07%     95.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7488216      4.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             156439727                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         16                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     16    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses             156439674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         482071456                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155677528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        157559137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 156440837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                156439727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                138                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1118168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                6                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       178366                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    169192004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.924628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.753783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           45973109     27.17%     27.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           98070175     57.96%     85.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           17954662     10.61%     95.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            6316004      3.73%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             878054      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      169192004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          0.924596                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples      2086277                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     76.389553                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev    41.529793                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11        107188      5.14%      5.14% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15       219345     10.51%     15.65% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19           72      0.00%     15.65% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23        58638      2.81%     18.47% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27           80      0.00%     18.47% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31           53      0.00%     18.47% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              31      0.00%     18.47% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows      1700870     81.53%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            9                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value         3043                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total      2086277                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads               75                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores              55                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            23569967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            7488354                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     19                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.numCycles                       169197838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  8                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            4                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean         4077250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   2672088.618166                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            4    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      2579000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value      8076000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              4                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   169358281000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     16309000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                      176752                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                4949257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            136778923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                40716697                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            227962645                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             157672967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          139009262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                122401901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                175314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                703453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               409001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                 2230339                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       227962633                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          2001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                77                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                   876060                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            75                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   322755063                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  313585722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS    159369768                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu3mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams         71637476                       # system.cpu3.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        77470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        72806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                  331053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1675136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1576064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3756736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  7213440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            221618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             2451999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy             2574999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              695997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            78600999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy              696999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy            73928997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy              696000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           176376999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       44032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             218927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.245475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.452654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   166673     76.13%     76.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    51328     23.45%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      471      0.22%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      349      0.16%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      106      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total               218927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1208                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          388                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       107442                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        50606                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         219428                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            50994                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                            107300                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              111164                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           750                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            212869                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               46                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            1514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         109652                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        47581                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        47581                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        29000                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_misses::total            2                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        58000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          819                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          231                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst          232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst          232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1514                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 104156.957929                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 120120.879121                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       126000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       133000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110434.931507                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84221.682848                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 100120.879121                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       106000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90480.593607                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          201                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          140                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          175                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           638                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     64369000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     10931000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     13860000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      7581000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     96741000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.754579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.393939                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.474138                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.245690                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.578600                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     52049000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      9111000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     11660000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      6441000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79261000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.754579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.393939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.474138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.245690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.578600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105665.391969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86684.210526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 87988.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 88736.263736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99831.619537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 85665.391969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 66684.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 67988.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 68736.263736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79831.619537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total                6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     55263000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      6588000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      7743000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      8075000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     77669000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     44803000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      5068000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      5983000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      6255000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          320                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        26013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        24473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        58513                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       109319                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102718.849840                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126548.557340                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123536.694059                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 111768.268688                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117893.064537                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 82718.849840                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 106548.557340                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103536.694059                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 91768.268688                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97893.064537                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     32151000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3285074000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3021584000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6532520000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  12871329000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.978125                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999428                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998872                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        25959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        24459                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        58447                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       109178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     25891000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2765894000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2532404000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5363580000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10687769000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.978125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        25959                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24459                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58447                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       109178                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        31000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        31000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        62000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        62000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          556                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total          556                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          556                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total          556                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst          819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        26095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        24561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        58604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 104156.957929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104562.200957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 120120.879121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126432.187440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       126000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123409.255714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       133000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 111732.464382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117707.331818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84221.682848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84562.200957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 100120.879121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 106432.187440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       106000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103409.255714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 91732.464382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97707.692724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data             60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data             14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data             66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     64369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     87414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     10931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3291662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     13860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3029327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      7581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6540595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13045739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.754579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.393939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.474138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.245690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.992967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        26035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        24547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        58538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            110832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     52049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     70694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      9111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2770962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     11660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2538387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      6441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5369835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10829139000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.754579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.393939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.474138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.245690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       110832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst          819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data          843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst          231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        26095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst          232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        24561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst          232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        58604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 104156.957929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104562.200957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 120120.879121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126432.187440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       126000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123409.255714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       133000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 111732.464382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117707.331818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84221.682848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84562.200957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 100120.879121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 106432.187440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst       106000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103409.255714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 91732.464382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97707.692724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data            60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data            14                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data            66                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     64369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     87414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     10931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3291662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     13860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3029327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      7581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6540595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13045739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.754579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.393939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.474138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.245690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.992967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        26035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        24547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        58538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           110832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     52049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     70694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      9111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2770962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     11660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2538387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      6441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5369835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10829139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.754579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.393939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.474138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.245690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       110832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                    106889                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.539055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1858177                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.988203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    11.433051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    14.914968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     3.048328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   672.763394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     3.017383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   578.852778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     1.025174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  2783.250738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.003641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.164249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.141321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.679505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               110985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1858177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4071.294017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            315                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  315                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1523878.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 46344.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       618.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples       836.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples        91.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     25998.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples       110.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     24493.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples        57.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples     58496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      27594.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       233518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        34385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        41565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        21538                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            331006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            233518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data            315892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst             34385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data           9837603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             41565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data           9275346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             21538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data          22119209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41879056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          119026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           233518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data           315892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst            34385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data          9837603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            41565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data          9275346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            21538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data         22119209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41998082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          119026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                119026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        59490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     119.313901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.544670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     64.321508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         29596     49.75%     49.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29703     49.93%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           57      0.10%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           25      0.04%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.04%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         59490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 7084736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7093248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 20160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst         5824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst         7040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst         3648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          39552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          53504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst           5824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        1666240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst           7040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        1571008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst           3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        3746432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7093248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        20160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            20160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          618                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data          836                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst           91                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        26035                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst          110                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        24547                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst           57                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data        58538                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     33141.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     33209.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     47266.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     55058.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     53481.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     51906.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     59798.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     40329.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        39552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data        53504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst         5824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      1663872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst         7040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      1567552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst         3648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data      3743744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 233517.908441874315                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 315891.539575092145                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 34385.323087719356                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 9823622.303676130250                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 41564.676259880544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 9254941.960302310064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 21538.059516483554                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 22103339.113617930561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     20481750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data     27763000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst      4301250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1433456500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst      5883000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   1274145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst      3408500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data   2360833250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          315                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 3880387780.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 81240.049053402880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1222322150750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     70                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               245962                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 207                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data             836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst              91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           26035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           24547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst              57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data           58538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               110832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     46.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               7094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.084710670500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     5484.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    2092.975401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    6289.734553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511              2     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3     25.00%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      8.33%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      8.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      8.33%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    93790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    14737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     2135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     110832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 110832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       110832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  46.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     51272                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   553495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   169374545000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5130272750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3054666500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.904680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.668558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      8.33%      8.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                10     83.33%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      8.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       315                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   315                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         315                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 60.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      149                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            2224509360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 214478460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      36778445730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             411.024476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      85625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     3304600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   70395552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  12946799000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     1987586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  80654427250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             191743200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 113990415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       4971612960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                394792020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          7812074400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy       16914813540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             69617102145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          163996708000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  642060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            2212831770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 210301560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      36813011670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             411.356915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      87151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     3313180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   70142071000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13151102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     1950781500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  80730304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             191439360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 111774135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       5049978720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                395598840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          7832357520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy       16855635060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             69673408875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          164023474250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  480240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       325181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 325181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7113280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7113280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           215572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          598021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            110875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  110875    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              110875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       103842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        214351                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                               39                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             110052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           103161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        110054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 169374590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.scheduler.requestFail::0                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestFail::1                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestFail::2                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestFail::3                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::0                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::1                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::2                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.requestSuccess::3                  0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.totalRequest                       0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::0              0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::1              0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::2              0                       # Number total of request for PE
system.scheduler.totalRequestInCore::3              0                       # Number total of request for PE

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
