
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               168944273000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129269                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 703876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   129269                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  2235.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               75567718                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   289002977                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     289003338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.168944                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                168944273000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            40.913811                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                   3546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups                8667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             3870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            14164                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits                65                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups           4281                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses            4216                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  20571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2092                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu0.bt.discartedCfgs                     2101                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu0.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu0.bt.endSpeculation                    1385                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu0.bt.endUnknownInst                     572                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu0.bt.insts::samples                    1784                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::mean                  12.805493                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::stdev                  8.328623                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::4                           114      6.39%      6.39% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::5                           101      5.66%     12.05% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::6                           205     11.49%     23.54% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::7                           104      5.83%     29.37% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::8                           147      8.24%     37.61% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::9                            95      5.33%     42.94% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::10                           45      2.52%     45.46% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::11                          156      8.74%     54.20% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::12                           80      4.48%     58.69% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::13                           91      5.10%     63.79% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::14                           37      2.07%     65.86% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::15                           63      3.53%     69.39% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::16                           86      4.82%     74.22% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::17                          113      6.33%     80.55% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::18                           20      1.12%     81.67% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::19                           66      3.70%     85.37% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::20                           45      2.52%     87.89% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::21                           13      0.73%     88.62% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::22                           18      1.01%     89.63% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::23                           24      1.35%     90.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::24                           19      1.07%     92.04% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::25                           33      1.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::26                           16      0.90%     94.79% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::27                            7      0.39%     95.18% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::28                           28      1.57%     96.75% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::29                            3      0.17%     96.92% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::30                            1      0.06%     96.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::31                           17      0.95%     97.93% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::32                            2      0.11%     98.04% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::overflows                    35      1.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::max_value                    76                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.insts::total                      1784                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::samples                      1784                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::mean                     1.901994                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.434905                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::1                             862     48.32%     48.32% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::2                             888     49.78%     98.09% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::3                              34      1.91%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::min_value                       1                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.bt.ipc::total                        1784                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu0.commit.amos                           273                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.number            1261                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples        12241                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean     5.122702                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     4.576454                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4         7510     61.35%     61.35% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9         3068     25.06%     86.41% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14          851      6.95%     93.37% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19          536      4.38%     97.75% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24          255      2.08%     99.83% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           18      0.15%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            1      0.01%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%     99.98% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            1      0.01%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%     99.99% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            1      0.01%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           63                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.size::total        12241                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks        12241                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples        12241                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66376            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66388            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66404            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66438            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66442            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66708            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66756            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66758            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66806            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66808            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66820            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66824            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66834            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66846            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66860            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66870            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66890            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66902            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66964           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66974           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66980           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::66992           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67008           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67020           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67038           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67048           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67062           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67080            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67220            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67238            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67252            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67292            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67314            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67330            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67344            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67430            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67454            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67480            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67544            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67562            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67574            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67588            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67600            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67612            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67690            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67708            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67720            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67728            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67738            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67748            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67758            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69040            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69066            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69140            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69164            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69168            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69174            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69184            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69216            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69222            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69230            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69262            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::69302            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70066            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70092            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70098            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70102            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70112            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70118            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70132            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70154            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::70176            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72420            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72438            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72452            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73168            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73218            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73222            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73240            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73248            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73262            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73268            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73274            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73304            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73314            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73360            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73402            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73416            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73422            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73428            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73656            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73664            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73678            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73766            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73826            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73836            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73870            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73886            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73892            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73900            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::73912            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74402            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74424            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74432            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74456            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74472            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74476            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74504            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74522            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74530            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74598            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74610            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74622            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74628            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74636            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74654            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74680            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74830            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::74838            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75886            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75894            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75902            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75942            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75946            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75956            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75964            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75972            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75978            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75980            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::75990            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76010            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76016            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76024            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76038            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76044            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76164            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76168            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76180            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76190            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76216            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::76460            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77780            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77792            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77808            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77818            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77824            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77828            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::77834            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80144            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80154            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80164            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80170            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80188            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80192            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::80378            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81382            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81398            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81414            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81416            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81432            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81448            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81454            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81460            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81470            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81504            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81508            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81532            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81538            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81544            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81552            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83198           15                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83208            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83234            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83304            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83360            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83362            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83370            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83384            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83406            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83442            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83536            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83896            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83910            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83930            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83954            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83966            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::83976            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99558            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99576            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99606            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99632            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99668            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99672            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99908            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99912            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99926            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99944            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::99964            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100024            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100028            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100046            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100064            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100122            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100134            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100552            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100596            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100632            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100636            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100648            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100652            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100660            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100756            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100766            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100770            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100870            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100882            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100884            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100894            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100906            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100908            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100918            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100926            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100934            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::100964            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101046            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101050            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101054            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101068            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101390            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101412            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101424            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101430            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101460            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101544            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101692            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101814            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101864            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101882            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101888            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101916            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101934            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101958            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::101992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102002            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102010            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102014            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102332            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115904            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116004            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116014            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117630            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117654            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117662            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117764            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117786            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117790            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117894            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117930            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117944            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117956            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117970            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117982            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::117996            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118016            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118036            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118040            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118070            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118082            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118102            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118118            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118144            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118154            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118160            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118204            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118240            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118282            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118452            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118548            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118586            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118642            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118654            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118682            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118684            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118688            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118704            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118786            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118790            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118794            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118814            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118822            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118854            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118914            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::118998            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::119050            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::119116            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120776           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120812           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122268           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122294           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122296           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122324           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122340           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122354           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122356           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122392           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122476           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122482           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122504           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122522           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122534           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122544           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122550           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122554           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122576           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122588           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122600           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122608           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122628           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122632           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122752           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122772           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122784           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122794           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122800           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122804           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122826           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122868           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122890           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122896           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122918           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122920           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::122932           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123098            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123118            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123134            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123146            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123156            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123162            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123166            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123188            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123194            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123224            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123234            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123238            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123262            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123278            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123290            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123302            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123328            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123340            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123390            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123396            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123484           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123490           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123502           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123510           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123542           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::123570           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131588           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131616           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131628           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131638           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131644           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131648           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131672           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131694           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131706           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::131722           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132880           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132892           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::132894           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133006            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133074            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133086            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133098            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133120            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133142            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133154            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133254           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133280           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133296           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133318           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133324           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133330           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133362           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133372           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133376           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133388           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133394           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133404           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133430           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133450           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133462           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133472           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133478           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133482           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133494           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133510           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133514           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133520           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133554           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133558           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133560           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133570           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133574           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133590           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133596           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133642           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133646           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133652           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133806           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133828           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133832           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133912           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133918           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133926           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133942           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134082           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134092           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134100           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134126           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134284           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134294           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134320           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134334           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134338           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134352           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::134394           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135090           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135596           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135606            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135626            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135658            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135666            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135708            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135722            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135982           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136016           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136020           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136030           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136058           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136060           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136068           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136072           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136080           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136096           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136114           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136122           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136126           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136138           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136142           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136146           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136156           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136164           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136282           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136288           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136296           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136662           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136670           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136702           38                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136722           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136744            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136756            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136786            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136796            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136802            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136818            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136830            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136836           38                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136856           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136866           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136874           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136886           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888           81                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136892           84                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136902            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136922           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136928           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136936           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136950           22                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136956            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136980            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136992            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137014           22                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137034            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137038           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137068           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137122           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137142           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137154           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137160           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137236           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137242           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137480            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137486            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137498            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137808           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137832           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137868           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137894           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137930           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137940           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137944           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137948           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137952           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137958           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137974           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137980           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137996           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138484           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138564           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138820           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138830           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138854           31                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138856           31                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138864           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138870           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138888           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138894           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138900           28                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138916            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138920            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138926            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138932            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138962            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138968            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138976            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138996            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139010            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139084            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139090            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139162           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139210           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::139264           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140230           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140240           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140296           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140314           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140324           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140330           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140336           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140362           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140374           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140384           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140390           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140396           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140442           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140452           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140466           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140482           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140500           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140514           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140550           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140594           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140728           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140790           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140798           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140810           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140910            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140928            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140956            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140982           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::140988           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141014           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141022           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141056           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141070           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141098           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141124           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141398           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141418           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141424           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141474           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141480           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141508           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141536           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141542           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141580           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141698            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141700            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141754           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141788           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141790           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141802           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141816           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141820           26                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141882            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141918           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::141952           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142144           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142190           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142196           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142202           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142244           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142260           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142264           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142494            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142500            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142512           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142526           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142550           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142610           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142658           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142682           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::142690           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143134            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143272            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143298           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143354           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143396           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143418           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143434           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143438            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143440            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143488            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143508           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143536           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143682            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143710            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143742           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143752           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143760           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143766           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143770           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143780           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143790           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143796           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143802           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143816           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143836           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143848           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143856           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143860           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143864           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143874           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::143914            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::144006           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146620            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146634          126                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146644            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::146672            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::148618            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149076            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149460            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149498            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149504            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149518            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149614            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149646            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149662            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149678            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149694            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::149716            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154688           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154726           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154744            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154802            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154808            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154814            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154822            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154826            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154928            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154940            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154954            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154970            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::154988           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155018           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155030           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155052           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155070           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155086           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155098           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155320            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155324            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155328            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155362            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155370            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155384            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155394            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155402            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155430            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155448            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155456            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155480            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155488            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155502            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155520            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155692            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155778            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155782            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::155798            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156236           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156272           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156286           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156294           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156306           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156314           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156370           31                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156388           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156398           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156408           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156418           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156420           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156428           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156444           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156696           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::156918           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157038           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157046           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157078           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157460            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157492            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157494            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157514            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157804           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157824           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157932           53                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157950          110                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157962           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::157976           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158234           23                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158322           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158590           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158598           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158608           39                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158632           39                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::158676           39                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159194            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159208            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159214            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159226            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159232            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159236            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159246            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159250            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::159268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162072           38                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162080           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162104           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162110           36                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162122           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162128           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162134           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162144           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162150           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162156           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162164           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162168           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162186           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162196           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162216           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162230           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162274            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162286            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162292           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162320           37                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::162486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163868           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163900           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163908           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163916           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163922           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163928           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163938           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163944           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163950           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::163996           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164004           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164008           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164018            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164024            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164028            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164030           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164048           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164062           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164070           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164152            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164160            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164164            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164172            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164286            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164360            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::164368            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166246            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166254            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166260            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166270            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166282            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166284            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166292            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166302            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166382            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166390            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166392            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166402            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166410            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166412            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166420            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166430            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166432            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166440            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166442            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166462            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166500            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166686            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166702            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::166704            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167212           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167220           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167230           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167250           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167260           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167266           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167272           10                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167278            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167292            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167294            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167326            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167332            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167338            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::167350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::168464           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::168616           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::169040           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170532            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170540            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170546            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170548            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170556           95                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170568            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170570            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170614            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170672            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170688            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170700            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170702           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170714           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170824           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170836           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170842           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170850           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866           21                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170870           63                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170886           21                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170900            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170904           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170906           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170912           75                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170928           29                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170968          182                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::171052           18                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172032           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172042           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172054           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172062           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172064           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172072           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172152           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172262           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::173554            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174388           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174390           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174408           33                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174434           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174464           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174480           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174486           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174506           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174604           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174620           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174636           48                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174716            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174732            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174748            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174828           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174842           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176110            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176138            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176154            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176172            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176178            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176180            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176184            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176216            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176222            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176226            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176242            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176250            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176254            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176268            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176274            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176342           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176350           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176364           19                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176412            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176426            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179508            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179534            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179542            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179560            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179568            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179570            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179572            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179598            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179600            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179954            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179978            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179992            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180024            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180030            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180034            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180060            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180068            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180136            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180142            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180146            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::180168            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184448            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184520            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184538            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184548            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184580            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184582            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::184882            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185028            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185062            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185082            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185118            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185122            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185132            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185138            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185144            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185156            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185162            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185192            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185196            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185208            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185220            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185236            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185300            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185554            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185560            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::185564            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186232            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186274            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186294            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::186354            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187138           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187168           11                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187170            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187176            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187190            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187222           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187224            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187244            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187258            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187426            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187432            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187448            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187454            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187466            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187470            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187492            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187502            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187512            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187532            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187536            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187546            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187586            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187634            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187738            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187744            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187750            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187758            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187766            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187776            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187780            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187804            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187852            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::187864            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188370            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188382            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188386            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188414            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188426            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188446            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188490            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188510            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188540            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188556            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188568            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188642            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188670            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188676            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188690            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188698            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188712            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188928            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::188936            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189316            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189326            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189444            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189458            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189464            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189476            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189492            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189546            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189564            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189568            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::189580            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190124            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190162            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190186            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190196            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::190210            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222468            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222630            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222638            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222640            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222664            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233754           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233842           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233856           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233864           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233874           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233890           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233908           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233940           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233964           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233976           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233990           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234008           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234020           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234038           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234102           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234178           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234226           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234240           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234250           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234256           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234264           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234342           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234354           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234370           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234372           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234436           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234492           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234596           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235598           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235604           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235624           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235636           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235648           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235660           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235672           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235688           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235700           12                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235814            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235834            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235884            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236000            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236012            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236072            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236086            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236174            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236190            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236206            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236214            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236226            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236240            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236248            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236264            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236360            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236370            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236464            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237112            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237122            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237378            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237386            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237412            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237712            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238056            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238086            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238114            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238258            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238302            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238314            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238480            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238484            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238496            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238516            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238528            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238548            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238728            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238912            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239558            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239568            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239582            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241918            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278120           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278138           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278166           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278174           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278178           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278190           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278212           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278226           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278240           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278248           17                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278264            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::278290            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281670            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281698            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::281708            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::285764            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::285778            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::286260            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::286278            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299412            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299468            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299478            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299486            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299522            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299530            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299578            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299584            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299596            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299628            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299640            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::299664            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::309612            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::309666            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::309726            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310044            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310150            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310174            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310300            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310314            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310750            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310786            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310842            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310872            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::310896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314482            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314536            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314542            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314554            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314562            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314568            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314582            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314590            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314604            9                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314624            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314726            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314734            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314738            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::314754            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::322266            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.basicBlocks.trace::322310            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             3508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     12240                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                 4090                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          11230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts               62426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                 62708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       131165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.931837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        93598     71.36%     71.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        23777     18.13%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6529      4.98%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3171      2.42%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         4090      3.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       131165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                    61650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.loads                        13749                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        510                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          510      0.81%      0.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           36090     57.55%     58.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             39      0.06%     58.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              50      0.08%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     58.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          14022     22.36%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         11985     19.11%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total            62708                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.refs                         26019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.committedInsts                      62426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                        62708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgErased                101                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgReplacement          1553                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgsLoaded              4414                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu0.config_cache.cfgsWritten             1782                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu0.config_cache.hit                    50726                       # Number of hits
system.cpu0.config_cache.hitRatio            0.355008                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu0.config_cache.misses                 92161                       # Number of misses
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.765322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.765322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       112500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       108000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       108000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.017778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data       324000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       324000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        14894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91219.087635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91219.087635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102733.532934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102733.532934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data        13228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          13228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    151971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.111857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     34313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.022425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu0.data          209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014151                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014151                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          273                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total          273                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu0.data          270                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            270                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.010989                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        11785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93182.745743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93182.745743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 107176.136364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107176.136364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data         9142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          9142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    246281997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246281997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.224268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.224268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data         2643                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2643                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         2115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     56589000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56589000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.044803                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044803                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.642857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        26679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        26679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92423.531446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92423.531446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105454.756381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105454.756381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data        22370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           22370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    398252997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    398252997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.161513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data         4309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         3447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     90902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.032310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        26679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        26679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92423.531446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92423.531446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105454.756381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105454.756381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data        22370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          22370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    398252997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    398252997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.161513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data         4309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.data         3447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     90902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.032310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                   136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.714120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          110420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   696.806298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.680475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.680475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.688477                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           110420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          696.806298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              23945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           345000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                35931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                  463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved                3835                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                 85847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   40019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                    54566                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                  317                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation          169                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.056240                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal          521                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.155383                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples         3005                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     1.867221                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     0.352857                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0           14      0.47%      0.47% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1          371     12.35%     12.81% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2         2620     87.19%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            2                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total         3005                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            8                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu        14178                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch         5859                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load         8363                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store         6999                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses          348                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.103788                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted         3005                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext         2229                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.741764                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully         2230                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec        35407                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec              170                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.056572                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.slower              606                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.201664                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg           3353                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           68                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples            2399                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.941018                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.429903                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                  1139     47.48%     47.48% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                  1215     50.65%     98.12% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    45      1.88%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value             1                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.ipc::total              2399                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples        13700                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.157810                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.859110                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0         4145     30.26%     30.26% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1         3248     23.71%     53.96% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2         6307     46.04%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total        13700                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples         2399                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean 39133.521050                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev 1916276.271113                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9         1511     62.98%     62.98% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19          614     25.59%     88.58% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29          108      4.50%     93.08% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39          130      5.42%     98.50% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           15      0.63%     99.12% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            1      0.04%     99.17% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            2      0.08%     99.25% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            7      0.29%     99.54% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            2      0.08%     99.62% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            0      0.00%     99.62% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            2      0.08%     99.71% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            7      0.29%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value     93858431                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total         2399                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation          326                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.537954                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples          606                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.719472                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     1.049447                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10          606    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            8                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total          606                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu0.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     93880275                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      20571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    25697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                        90870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                         99202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   8092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.119164                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf          4414                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu0.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation         2290                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             40241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches              3611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.574658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            135157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.736691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.936789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   66882     49.48%     49.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48182     35.65%     85.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   12593      9.32%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    3799      2.81%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                    3701      2.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              135157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully         2124                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst        25697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90140.552995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.552995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89713.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89713.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst        24829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          24829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     78242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.033778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     68900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.029887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           16                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst        25697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        25697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90140.552995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.552995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89713.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89713.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst        24829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           24829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     78242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.033778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     68900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.029887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst        25697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        25697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90140.552995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.552995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89713.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89713.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        24829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          24829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     78242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.033778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu0.inst          100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     68900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.029887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            33.413838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          103554                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   255.961926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           103554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.961926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              25595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          510                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              510                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   13702                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.403168                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                       27944                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     12665                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                    608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                16042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               13198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts              73939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                15279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts                69598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 8003                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              54                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            48                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                    21700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                        68262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.858111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                    18621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.395428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                         68617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                   86305                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                  43654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.361622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.361622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              685      0.95%      0.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                42564     58.98%     59.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  39      0.05%     59.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   75      0.10%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     60.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               16169     22.41%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              12620     17.49%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                 72164                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                 71467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            279517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        68250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            85158                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                     72564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                    72164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1375                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          11230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               56                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           205                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         4485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       135157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.533927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.833854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              84408     62.45%     62.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              36134     26.73%     89.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               9771      7.23%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               2888      2.14%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1956      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         135157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.418032                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples         2399                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean  39150.132138                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev 1916276.524226                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11           170      7.09%      7.09% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15          508     21.18%     28.26% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19          442     18.42%     46.69% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23          284     11.84%     58.52% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27          255     10.63%     69.15% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31          222      9.25%     78.41% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              36      1.50%     79.91% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows          482     20.09%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            8                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value     93858460                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total         2399                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             1264                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads               16042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              13198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                    175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.numCycles                          172628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  4                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            2                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     84385824500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   13396263127.479389                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            2    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value  74913236000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value  93858413000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              2                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      172624000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 168771649000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                   168771647                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                  13121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps                39450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                  1302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   42902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups                98277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                 81793                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands              52886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                    52472                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  9277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                11217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   13436                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups           98265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     3075                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           505                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      198777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     151877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  175                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS     93921167                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu0mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams            13700                       # system.cpu0.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.703936                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                4616878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4774240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           312803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          4853575                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                10                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups         157198                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses          157188                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                5063386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       156346                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.bt.discartedCfgs                  1358274                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu1.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu1.bt.endSpeculation                   52003                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu1.bt.endUnknownInst                      54                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu1.bt.insts::samples                   68196                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::mean                  20.512816                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::stdev                  5.373059                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::4                            14      0.02%      0.02% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::5                            13      0.02%      0.04% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::6                            15      0.02%      0.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::7                             4      0.01%      0.07% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::8                             9      0.01%      0.08% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::9                             6      0.01%      0.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::10                           15      0.02%      0.11% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::11                        16188     23.74%     23.85% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::12                           16      0.02%     23.87% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::13                            4      0.01%     23.88% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::14                            7      0.01%     23.89% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::15                            1      0.00%     23.89% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::16                            3      0.00%     23.89% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::17                            5      0.01%     23.90% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::18                            3      0.00%     23.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::19                            6      0.01%     23.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::20                            0      0.00%     23.91% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::21                            4      0.01%     23.92% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::22                            4      0.01%     23.93% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::23                        25930     38.02%     61.95% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::24                        25929     38.02%     99.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::25                            1      0.00%     99.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::26                            1      0.00%     99.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::27                            2      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::28                            2      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::29                            3      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::30                            1      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::31                            0      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::32                            0      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::overflows                    10      0.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::max_value                    68                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.insts::total                     68196                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::samples                     68196                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::mean                     1.994865                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.100621                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::1                           16250     23.83%     23.83% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::2                           51944     76.17%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::3                               2      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::min_value                1.090909                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.bt.ipc::total                       68196                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu1.commit.amos                            10                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.number             302                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples      4956793                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean    13.896458                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     6.925405                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4       236333      4.77%      4.77% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       701506     14.15%     18.92% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14      1892926     38.19%     57.11% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19       129655      2.62%     59.72% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24      1996345     40.27%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           28      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.size::total      4956793                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks      4956793                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples      4956793                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67114            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67140            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67146            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67152            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67184            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67190            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67912        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67936       388890                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67950        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67956      1633338                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67978        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68024       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68030        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68088        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68106       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68112        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68166        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68184       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68190        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68250        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68266       492594                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68272        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68322        25926                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68492            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68552            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68580        25916                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68592        25921                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68594       181447                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68632        25921                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68642        25921                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68646            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68686            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68824            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68836            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68840           35                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68878            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68906            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68980            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68992            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72208            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72568            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72586            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72600            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72622            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72626            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72648            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72660            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72678            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72700            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72732            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72952            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115904            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116004            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116014            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120776            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120812            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133006            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133074            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133086            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133098            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133120            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133142            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133154            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135606            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135626            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135658            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135666            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135708            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135722            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136702           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136722           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136756            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136786            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136796            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136802            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136818            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136830            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136836           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136856           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136866           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136874           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136886           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888          401                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136892          401                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136902            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136922           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136928           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136936           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136950           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137014           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137034            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137480            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137486            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137498            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138820            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138830            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138854            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138976            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170532            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170540            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170546            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170548            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170570            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170586            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170590            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170602            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170614            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170672            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170688            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170700            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170702           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170714           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170824        25982                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170836        25934                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170842        25933                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170850        25933                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862        25933                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866        25933                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170870       181465                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170886        25933                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170904        25929                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170906           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170912          409                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170928           53                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172032           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172042           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172054           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172062            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172064           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172072           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172116            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172152           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172160            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172162            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172172            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172174            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172186            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172188            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172200            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172202            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172214            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172216            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172228            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172230            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172242            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172244            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172262           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174716            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174748            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174762            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174772            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174796            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174802            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176274            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179728            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179744            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179760            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179766            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179772            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179782            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179816            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179820            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179844            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179850            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179864            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181366            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222468           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222482           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222556          375                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222558           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222582           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222630            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222640            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222664            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222732           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222828           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233754            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233842            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233864            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233874            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233890            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233908            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233940            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233964            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233976            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233990            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234008            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234020            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234038            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234074           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234102           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234178            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234226            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234240            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234250            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234256            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234264            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234342            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234354            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234370            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234372            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234436            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234492            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234514            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234596            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234974           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235014           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235068           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235104           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235120           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235136           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235268           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235274           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235314           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235598           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235604           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235624           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235636           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235648           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235660           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235672           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235688           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235700            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235814           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235834           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235884           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236000           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236012           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236072           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236086           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236174           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236190           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236206           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236214           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236226           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236240           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236248           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236264           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236756           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236784           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236906           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236910           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237112            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237122            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237282           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238056           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238086           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238114           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238258           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238302           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238314            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238912            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239558            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241918            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350084            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350166            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350254            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350316            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350328            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350356            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350370            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350380            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350390            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           312721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   4956792                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               493048                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             73                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         472759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            68881842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              68881866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74601881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.923326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.920983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26418152     35.41%     35.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     35292721     47.31%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5576927      7.48%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6821033      9.14%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493048      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74601881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              208512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 68777898                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     10374723                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         31                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           31      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        55185515     80.12%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              11      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       10374733     15.06%     95.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3321564      4.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total         68881866                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13696309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   68881842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     68881866                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgErased              68073                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgsLoaded           2061017                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu1.config_cache.cfgsWritten            68195                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu1.config_cache.hit                 67596194                       # Number of hits
system.cpu1.config_cache.hitRatio            0.828814                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu1.config_cache.misses              13961524                       # Number of misses
system.cpu1.cpi                              2.450395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        2.450395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        47500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        47500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data       475000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       475000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.416667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.416667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10401423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10401423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120498.273944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120498.273944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120317.069434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120317.069434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10349281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10349281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6283021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6283021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.005013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        52142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        52142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        26031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        26031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3141599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        16000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data        12000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      3321555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3321555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 74979.929766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74979.929766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 71795.918367                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71795.918367                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      3321256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3321256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data     22418999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22418999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      7036000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7036000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     13722978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13722978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120238.744475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120238.744475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120135.640429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120135.640429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     13670537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        13670537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6305439999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6305439999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        52441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         52441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        26232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        26232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3148635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     13722978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13722978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120238.744475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120238.744475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120135.640429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120135.640429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     13670537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       13670537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6305439999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6305439999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        52441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        52441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.data        26232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        26232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3148635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 25172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           522.738417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        54918334                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1011.774383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.988061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991211                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            26202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         54918334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1011.774383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13696792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        156602000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              2489929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  119                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             4616906                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              70241508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                19358165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 52598587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                312736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                   92                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               155432                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation        77828                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.044926                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal       275645                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.144012                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples      1732379                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     1.926771                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     0.312740                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0        25933      1.50%      1.50% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1        74995      4.33%      5.83% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2      1631451     94.17%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            2                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total      1732379                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu     48985434                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch      3451586                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load     10322359                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store      3267509                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses       181664                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.094911                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted      1732379                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext      1399864                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.808059                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully      1461547                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec     66026888                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec           139511                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.080531                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.slower           193004                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.111410                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg        1914043                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           13                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples         1539375                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.917857                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.284447                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                622974     40.47%     40.47% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                916374     59.53%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    27      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.200000                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.ipc::total           1539375                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples     31669725                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.578468                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.711994                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0      4166030     13.15%     13.15% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1      5017748     15.84%     29.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2     22485947     71.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total     31669725                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples      1539375                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean    18.168815                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev    10.901322                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       304186     19.76%     19.76% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19       586918     38.13%     57.89% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29       311192     20.22%     78.10% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39       337038     21.89%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           28      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            7      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value          148                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total      1539375                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation       167004                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.865288                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples       193004                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.402836                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     1.022528                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10       193004    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            5                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total       193004                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu1.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     27697867                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    5063386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 15773482                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     58643060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               104116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      70789325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles     93869310                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 625636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.029999                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf       2061017                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu1.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation       662784                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15958970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4616888                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.419399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         168784159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.419408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.751112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               115586960     68.48%     68.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                42583883     25.23%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 6124949      3.63%     97.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1997871      1.18%     98.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 2490496      1.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           168784159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully      1398232                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     15773482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15773482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 50545.064378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50545.064378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 50233.830846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50233.830846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     15773249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       15773249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     11777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     10097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           52                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     15773482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     15773482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 50545.064378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50545.064378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 50233.830846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50233.830846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     15773249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        15773249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     11777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     10097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     15773482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     15773482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 50545.064378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50545.064378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 50233.830846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50233.830846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     15773249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       15773249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     11777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu1.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     10097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                    28                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         78474.875622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        63094129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   159.090252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.621446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.621446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.675781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         63094129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          159.090252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           15773450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        156581000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               28                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           3562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              312824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 4957350                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.409194                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    13723403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   3321896                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                    232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10427738                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                67                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           338771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3322149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           69354625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10401507                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           286783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             69067001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                312736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  122                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              43                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       157195                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        155629                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 23133591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     69040546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.974219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 22537177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.409038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      69040593                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               100184777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               60813808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.408097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.408097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               42      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             55603997     80.17%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   11      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10427695     15.04%     95.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3322027      4.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              69353784                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              69353730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         307491723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     69040534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         69827376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  69354523                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 69353784                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                102                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         472759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               20                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        54191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    168784159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.410902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.683428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          114165162     67.64%     67.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           43879145     26.00%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            7004474      4.15%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3475821      2.06%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             259557      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      168784159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.410894                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples      1539375                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     46.673038                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev    20.018285                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11         60120      3.91%      3.91% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15        36440      2.37%      6.27% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19       181545     11.79%     18.07% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23          148      0.01%     18.08% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27        42219      2.74%     20.82% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31        26007      1.69%     22.51% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              76      0.00%     22.51% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows      1192820     77.49%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            9                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value          634                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total      1539375                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads               89                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores              36                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            10427738                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            3322149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     11                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.numCycles                       168787721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                      156552                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                2281016                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             60655771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                19566679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                51916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            101176836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              69954506                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           61622289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 52519566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                103606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                312736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               233212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  966518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       101176824                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          1640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                58                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                   311055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            57                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   143463315                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  139022217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            137                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS     71847308                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu1mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams         31669725                       # system.cpu1.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.699525                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                4339074                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             4487172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           294061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          4561742                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                16                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups         147916                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses          147900                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4759191                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted       146987                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.bt.discartedCfgs                  1346092                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu2.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu2.bt.endSpeculation                   48890                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu2.bt.endUnknownInst                      55                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu2.bt.insts::samples                   48893                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::mean                  23.471029                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::stdev                  0.982859                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::4                            11      0.02%      0.02% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::5                            13      0.03%      0.05% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::6                            14      0.03%      0.08% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::7                             4      0.01%      0.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::8                             7      0.01%      0.10% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::9                            11      0.02%      0.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::10                            9      0.02%      0.14% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::11                           13      0.03%      0.17% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::12                           15      0.03%      0.20% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::13                            3      0.01%      0.20% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::14                           12      0.02%      0.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::15                            0      0.00%      0.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::16                            1      0.00%      0.23% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::17                            4      0.01%      0.24% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::18                            4      0.01%      0.25% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::19                            7      0.01%      0.26% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::20                            2      0.00%      0.27% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::21                            3      0.01%      0.27% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::22                            2      0.00%      0.28% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::23                        24369     49.84%     50.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::24                        24369     49.84%     99.96% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::25                            1      0.00%     99.96% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::26                            1      0.00%     99.96% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::27                            2      0.00%     99.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::28                            2      0.00%     99.97% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::29                            3      0.01%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::30                            0      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::31                            1      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::32                            0      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::overflows                    10      0.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::max_value                    68                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.insts::total                     48893                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::samples                     48893                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::mean                     2.045222                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.050978                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::1                              67      0.14%      0.14% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::2                           48823     99.86%     99.99% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::3                               3      0.01%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::min_value                1.142857                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.bt.ipc::total                       48893                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu2.commit.amos                            12                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.number             308                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples      4658670                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean    13.895804                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     6.925679                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4       222296      4.77%      4.77% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9       659374     14.15%     18.93% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14      1778973     38.19%     57.11% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19       121851      2.62%     59.73% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24      1876148     40.27%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           28      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.size::total      4658670                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks      4658670                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples      4658670                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67114            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67140            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67146            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67152            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67184            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67190            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67912        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67936       365475                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67950        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67956      1534995                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67978        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68024       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68030        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68088        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68106       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68112        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68166        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68184       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68190        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68250        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68266       462935                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68272        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68322        24365                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68492            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68552            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68580        24355                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68592        24360                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68594       170520                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68632        24360                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68642        24360                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68646            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68686            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68824            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68836            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68840           35                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68878            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68906            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68980            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68992            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72208            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72568            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72586            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72600            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72622            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72626            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72648            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72660            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72678            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72700            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72732            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72952            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81642            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81652            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81656            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81674            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81684            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115904            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116004            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116014            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120776            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120812            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133006            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133074            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133086            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133098            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133120            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133142            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133154            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135606            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135626            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135658            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135666            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135708            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135722            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136702           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136722           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136756            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136786            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136796            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136802            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136818            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136830            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136836           61                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136856           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136866           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136874           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136886           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888          401                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136892          401                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136902            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136922           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136928           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136936           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136950           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137014           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137034            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137480            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137486            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137498            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138820            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138830            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138854            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138976            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170532            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170540            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170546            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170548            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170570            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170586            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170614            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170672            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170688            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170700            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170702           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170714           56                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170824        24421                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170836        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170842        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170850        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170870       170530                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170886        24372                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170904        24370                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170906           49                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170912          420                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170928           51                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172032           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172042           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172054           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172062            5                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172064           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172072           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172116            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172152           14                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172160            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172162            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172172            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172174            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172186            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172188            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172200            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172202            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172214            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172216            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172228            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172230            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172242            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172244            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172262           34                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174716            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174748            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174762            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174772            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174796            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174802            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176274            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179728            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179744            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179760            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179766            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179772            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179782            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179816            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179820            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179844            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179850            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179864            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181366            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222468           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222482           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222556          375                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222558           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222582           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222630            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222640            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222664            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222732           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222828           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233754            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233842            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233856            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233864            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233874            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233890            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233908            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233940            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233964            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233976            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233990            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234008            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234020            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234038            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234074           20                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234102           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234178            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234226            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234240            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234250            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234256            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234260            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234264            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234342            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234354            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234370            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234372            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234436            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234492            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234514            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234596            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234974           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235014           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235068           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235104           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235120           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235136           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235268           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235274           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235314           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235598           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235604           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235624           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235636           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235648           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235660           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235672           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235688           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235700            7                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235814           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235834           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235884           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236000           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236012           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236072           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236086           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236174           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236190           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236206           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236214           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236226           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236240           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236248           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236264           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236756           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236784           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236906           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236910           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237112            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237122            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237282           25                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238056           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238086           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238114           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238258           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238302           27                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238314            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238612            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238912            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239558            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241918            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350084            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350166            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350254            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350316            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350328            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350356            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350370            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350380            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350390            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           293978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   4658669                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               463652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         444784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            64735942                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              64735967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     70399480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.919552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.921003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25116329     35.68%     35.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33167955     47.11%     82.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5241228      7.44%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6410316      9.11%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       463652      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     70399480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              196038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 64638236                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      9750327                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           32      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        51863790     80.12%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              11      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        9750339     15.06%     95.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3121783      4.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         64735967                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      12872134                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   64735942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     64735967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgErased              48771                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgsLoaded           1907565                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu2.config_cache.cfgsWritten            48892                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu2.config_cache.hit                 64174660                       # Number of hits
system.cpu2.config_cache.hitRatio            0.837848                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu2.config_cache.misses              12419989                       # Number of misses
system.cpu2.cpi                              2.607271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        2.607271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 67272.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67272.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu2.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data       740000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       740000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.458333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.458333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu2.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      9775493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9775493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132244.048590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132244.048590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132102.281059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132102.281059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      9726429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9726429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6488422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6488422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.005019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        49064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        49064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data        24514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3243111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu2.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           12                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu2.data            8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              8                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        32000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        32000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        24000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      3121775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3121775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 80191.634146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80191.634146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data        78910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      3121488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3121488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data     23014999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23014999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data          187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      7891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7891000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     12897268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12897268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131941.338554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131941.338554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131886.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131886.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     12847917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        12847917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6511436999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6511436999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        49351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         49351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data        24701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3251002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3251002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     12897268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12897268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131941.338554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131941.338554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131886.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131886.490872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     12847917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       12847917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6511436999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6511436999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        49351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        49351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.data        24701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3251002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3251002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 23595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           522.363998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51613939                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1010.416505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.986735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            24643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51613939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1010.416505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           12872616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        159052000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              2627713                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  121                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             4339090                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              66014579                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                18193166                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 49432685                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                293997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                   88                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               146170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation        97573                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.060439                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal       243838                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.136591                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples      1614416                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     1.924476                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     0.306557                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0        19500      1.21%      1.21% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1        82927      5.14%      6.34% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2      1511989     93.66%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            2                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total      1614416                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu     46156104                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch      3233909                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load      9701109                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store      3053149                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses       170751                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.095650                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted      1614416                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext      1307167                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.809684                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully      1380263                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec     62144271                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec           170669                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.105716                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.slower           136580                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.084600                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg        1785167                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           13                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples         1477836                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.909056                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.264825                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::1                585131     39.59%     39.59% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::2                892652     60.40%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    53      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.200000                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.ipc::total           1477836                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples     29936994                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.579403                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.711693                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0      3933905     13.14%     13.14% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1      4723601     15.78%     28.92% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2     21279488     71.08%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total     29936994                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples      1477836                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean    17.833802                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev    11.026466                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       332189     22.48%     22.48% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19       536396     36.30%     58.77% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29       292461     19.79%     78.56% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39       316749     21.43%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           27      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            7      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value          276                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total      1477836                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation       117009                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.856707                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples       136580                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.428276                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     1.049219                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10       136580    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            5                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total       136580                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu2.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     26160360                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4759191                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 14824558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     55400532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                97872                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      66530248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles     98082716                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 588160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.028197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf       1907565                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu2.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation       561417                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14999118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4339090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.394174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         168776447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.394192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.734979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0               118780245     70.38%     70.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                40021105     23.71%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 5756722      3.41%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1877732      1.11%     98.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 2340643      1.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           168776447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully      1346148                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     14824558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14824558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 69705.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69705.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 68399.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68399.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     14824324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14824324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     16311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     14227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     14824558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     14824558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 69705.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69705.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 68399.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68399.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     14824324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        14824324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     16311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     14227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     14824558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     14824558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 69705.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69705.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 68399.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68399.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     14824324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       14824324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     16311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu2.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     14227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                    36                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         71271.788462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        59298440                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   160.623560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.627436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.627436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         59298440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          160.623560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           14824532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        159031000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total               36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           7714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              294084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 4659265                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.384576                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    12897728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3122149                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                    325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9800257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                76                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           318437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3122391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           65180751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9775579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           269587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             64910319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                293997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              43                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        49930                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       147821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        146263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 21741760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     64885445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.974201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 21180838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.384429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      64885508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                94154980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               57153444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.383543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.383543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               47      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             52257365     80.17%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   11      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     80.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9800210     15.04%     95.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3122261      4.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              65179906                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              65179847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         299136254                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     64885433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         65625527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  65180635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 65179906                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                116                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         444784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               19                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        51007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    168776447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.386191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.669729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          117444911     69.59%     69.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           41237905     24.43%     94.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            6582997      3.90%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3266529      1.94%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             244105      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      168776447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.386173                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples      1477836                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     46.012795                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev    20.342479                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11         73176      4.95%      4.95% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15        49075      3.32%      8.27% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19       151388     10.24%     18.52% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23         9832      0.67%     19.18% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27        48839      3.30%     22.49% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31        24445      1.65%     24.14% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              71      0.00%     24.15% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows      1121010     75.85%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value           10                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value          297                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total      1477836                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads               87                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores              38                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             9800257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3122391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     15                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.numCycles                       168784161                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  2                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean         1111000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1111000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value      1111000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              1                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   168943162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED      1111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                      160112                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                2430925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             57004657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                18389221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                48872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             95087557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              65744682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           57913445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 49358397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                 97410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                293997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               219312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  908788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        95087545                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                64                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                   292613                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            63                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   135116397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  130655752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS     67999365                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu2mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams         29936994                       # system.cpu2.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.721290                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits               10410213                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups            10763104                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect           703534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted         10940183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                11                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups         352718                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses          352707                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups               11410744                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted       351760                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.bt.discartedCfgs                  3085723                       # Number of discated configuration
system.cpu3.bt.endResource                          0                       # Number of configurations ended by lack of resource
system.cpu3.bt.endSpeculation                  117115                       # Number of configurations ended due to reach the speculation limit
system.cpu3.bt.endUnknownInst                      62                       # Number of configurations ended due a unknown instruction
system.cpu3.bt.insts::samples                  117130                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::mean                  23.484334                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::stdev                  0.780090                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::underflows                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::0                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::1                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::2                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::3                             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::4                            21      0.02%      0.02% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::5                            15      0.01%      0.03% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::6                            16      0.01%      0.04% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::7                             4      0.00%      0.05% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::8                             8      0.01%      0.05% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::9                            13      0.01%      0.07% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::10                            9      0.01%      0.07% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::11                           19      0.02%      0.09% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::12                           16      0.01%      0.10% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::13                            3      0.00%      0.11% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::14                           13      0.01%      0.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::15                            0      0.00%      0.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::16                            1      0.00%      0.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::17                            5      0.00%      0.12% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::18                            4      0.00%      0.13% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::19                            8      0.01%      0.13% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::20                            2      0.00%      0.13% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::21                            3      0.00%      0.14% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::22                            2      0.00%      0.14% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::23                        58474     49.92%     50.06% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::24                        58474     49.92%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::25                            1      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::26                            1      0.00%     99.98% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::27                            2      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::28                            2      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::29                            3      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::30                            0      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::31                            1      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::32                            0      0.00%     99.99% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::overflows                    10      0.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::min_value                     4                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::max_value                    68                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.insts::total                    117130                       # Number of instructions mapped in this configuration
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::samples                    117130                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::mean                     2.045360                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::stdev                    0.048061                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::underflows                      0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::0                               0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::1                              71      0.06%      0.06% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::2                          117056     99.94%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::3                               3      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::4                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::5                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::6                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::7                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::8                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::9                               0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::10                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::11                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::12                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::13                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::14                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::15                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::16                              0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::overflows                       0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::min_value                1.142857                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::max_value                       3                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.bt.ipc::total                      117130                       # IPC for generated configurations
system.cpu3.commit.amos                            18                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.number             312                       # Number of different basic blocks executed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::samples     11173593                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::mean    13.900882                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::stdev     6.923554                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::0-4       529768      4.74%      4.74% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::5-9      1580476     14.14%     18.89% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::10-14      4268699     38.20%     57.09% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::15-19       292377      2.62%     59.71% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::20-24      4502240     40.29%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::25-29           33      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::30-34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::35-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::40-44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::45-49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::50             0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::min_value            1                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::max_value           27                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.size::total     11173593                       # Size of the basic blocks
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.totalBasicBlocks     11173593                       # Number of total basic blocks executed
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::samples     11173593                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67114            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67140            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67146            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67152            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67176            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67184            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67190            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67198            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67912        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67936       877050                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67950        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67956      3683610                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::67978        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68024      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68030        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68088        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68106      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68112        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68166        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68184      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68190        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68250        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68266      1110930                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68272        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68322        58470                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68492            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68552            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68580        58458                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68592        58464                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68594       409248                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68632        58464                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68642        58464                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68646            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68686            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68824            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68836            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68840           42                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68878            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68906            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68980            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::68992            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72208            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72418            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72476            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72506            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72524            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72550            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72566            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72568            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72586            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72600            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72622            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72626            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72630            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72648            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72660            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72678            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72700            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72706            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72718            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72732            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72940            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::72952            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81642            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81652            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81656            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81674            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81684            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::81686            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::102350            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115896            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::115904            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116004            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::116014            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120776            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::120812            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133006            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133070            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133074            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133086            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133098            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133120            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133142            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::133154            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135606            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135626            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135650            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135654            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135658            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135666            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135708            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::135722            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136702           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136722           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136756            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136786            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136796            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136802            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136818            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136830            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136836           72                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136856           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136866           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136874           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136886           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136888          475                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136892          475                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136902            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136922           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136928           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136936           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::136950           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137014           58                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137034            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137480            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137486            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::137498            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138820            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138830            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138854            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138856            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::138976            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170532            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170540            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170546            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170548            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170566            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170570            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170586            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170614            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170618            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170672            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170688            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170700            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170702           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170714           66                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170824        58536                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170836        58480                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170842        58479                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170850        58479                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170862        58479                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170866        58479                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170870       409272                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170886        58479                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170904        58477                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170906           57                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170912          473                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170928           59                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170930            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::170948            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172032           40                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172042           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172050           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172054           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172062            6                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172064           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172072           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172116            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172152           16                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172160            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172162            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172172            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172174            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172186            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172188            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172200            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172202            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172214            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172216            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172228            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172230            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172242            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172244            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172256            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172258            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::172262           40                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174716            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174748            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174762            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174772            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174796            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::174802            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176268            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176274            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176436            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::176450            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179594            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179598            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179608            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179728            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179744            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179760            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179766            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179772            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179782            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179816            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179820            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179844            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179850            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179856            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::179864            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181366            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::181400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222464           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222468           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222482           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222556          449                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222558           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222582           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222630            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222640            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222664            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222732           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::222828           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233754            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233842            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233856            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233864            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233874            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233890            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233908            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233940            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233960            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233964            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233976            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::233990            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234008            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234020            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234038            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234074           24                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234102           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234178            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234226            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234240            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234250            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234256            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234260            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234264            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234342            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234354            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234370            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234372            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234436            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234492            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234514            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234596            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::234974           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235014           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235068           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235104           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235120           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235136           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235268           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235274           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235314           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235598           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235604           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235624           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235636           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235648           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235660           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235672           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235688           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235700            8                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235814           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235834           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::235884           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236000           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236012           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236072           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236086           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236170           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236174           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236190           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236206           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236214           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236226           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236240           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236248           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236264           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236756           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236784           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236906           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::236910           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237112            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237122            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::237282           30                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238052           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238056           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238086           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238114           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238258           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238302           32                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238314            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238608            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238612            4                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::238912            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239554            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::239558            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::241918            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350084            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350166            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350254            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350316            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350328            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350356            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350370            2                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350376            3                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350380            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350390            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350400            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.basicBlocks.trace::350422            1                       # Basic block distribution
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           703447                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  11173592                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events              1110765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             95                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1059465                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           155322767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             155322797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    168051966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.924255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.920940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     59398280     35.35%     35.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     79587204     47.36%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12574618      7.48%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     15381099      9.15%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1110765      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    168051966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                        12                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              469077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                155088599                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     23393096                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         38                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           38      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       124441912     80.12%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              12      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       23393114     15.06%     95.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       7487709      4.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           12      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        155322797                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      30880835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  155322767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    155322797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgErased             117002                       # Number of configuration Erased due miss speculation
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgReplacement             0                       # Number of configuration replaced
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgsLoaded           4582914                       # Number of configurations loaded in the fetch stage
system.cpu3.config_cache.cfgsWritten           117129                       # Number of configuration written in the cache
system.cpu3.config_cache.hit                153983391                       # Number of hits
system.cpu3.config_cache.hitRatio            0.839047                       # The ratio of hit to the total acesses to the configuration cache
system.cpu3.config_cache.misses              29538274                       # Number of misses
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.086574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.086574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 55545.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55545.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data       611000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       611000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379310                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu3.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     23452441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23452441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 118153.315930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118153.315930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 118059.417919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118059.417919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     23335219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23335219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  13850168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13850168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.004998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       117222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       117222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data        58536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6928435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.002502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu3.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           18                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total              9                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        72000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        72000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data        54000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data            9                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      7487701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7487701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 74715.508621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74715.508621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 73194.690265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73194.690265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      7487353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7487353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data     26000997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26000997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      8271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     30940142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30940142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 118024.742681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118024.742681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 117973.196823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117973.196823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     30822572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        30822572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  13876168997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13876168997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       117570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        117570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data        58771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6936706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6936706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     30940142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30940142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 118024.742681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118024.742681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 117973.196823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117973.196823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     30822572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       30822572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  13876168997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13876168997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       117570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       117570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.data        58771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6936706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6936706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 57757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           525.247950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       123819630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1014.912162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.991125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        123819630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1014.912162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           30881428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        160950000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              5460160                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved            10410227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             158376393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                43639619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                118602096                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                703470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                   88                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               350371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculation       233997                       # Number of times of miss speculations occur in configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationRatio     0.060227                       # The ratio of miss speculation on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotal       584929                       # Number of total of missSpeculation. Do not consider cache miss and slower configurations.
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.missSpeculationTotalRatio     0.136196                       # The ratio of total miss speculation regardless cache miss and slower configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::samples      3885251                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::mean     1.963546                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::stdev     0.187424                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::0            5      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::1       141624      3.65%      3.65% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::2      3743622     96.35%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::min_value            0                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::max_value            2                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.branch.numBranchesCfg::total      3885251                       # Number of Branches in the commited configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntMult            0                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::IntAlu    110806261                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Branch      7926429                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Load     23275627                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.commitedOpClass::Store      7350674                       # Class of commit commited instruction on Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.dcache.cacheMisses       409518                       # Number of dcache misses running in the dreams architecure
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.dcache.missRate     0.095353                       # dcache miss rate in the configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.cfgsExecuted      3885251                       # Number of configuration executed and counted for perfomance gains
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContext      3134574                       # Number of times the context must be changed
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.changeContextRatio     0.806788                       # The ratio of change of context on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.executedSuccessfully      3310001                       # Number of times of configurations were executedwithout miss speculation
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.instructionExec    149358991                       # Number of instructions executed in the Dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.reexec           409424                       # Number of configuration executed one behind another
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.reexecRatio     0.105379                       # The ratio of reexecution on Dreams architecture
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.slower           341253                       # Number of times where the execution on dreams was slower than execution on processor
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.slowerRate     0.087833                       # Rate of configurations that was slower than baseline processor
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.exec.totalCfg        4294769                       # Number total configurations regardless cache miss or slower configuration
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.icache.IcacheMiss           10                       # Number of Icache Miss happens in the processor, which enables a higher speed up in the architecture.
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::samples         3543998                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::mean           1.917653                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::stdev          0.255843                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::0                     0      0.00%      0.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::1               1355011     38.23%     38.23% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::2               2188924     61.76%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::3                    63      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::min_value      1.285714                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::max_value             3                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.ipc::total           3543998                       # IPC for executed configurations
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::samples     71829189                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::mean     1.580776                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::stdev     0.711555                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::0      9439635     13.14%     13.14% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::1     11233260     15.64%     28.78% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::2     51156294     71.22%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::min_value            0                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::max_value            2                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.pe_utilization_overall::total     71829189                       # Number of Pes used considering the time when the CGRA is running
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::samples      3543998                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::mean    17.880555                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::stdev    11.016961                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::0-9       795322     22.44%     22.44% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::10-19      1286781     36.31%     58.75% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::20-29       701738     19.80%     78.55% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::30-39       760112     21.45%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::40-49           30      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::50-59            7      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::60-69            2      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::70-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::80-89            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::90-99            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::100            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::overflows            6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::min_value            0                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::max_value         2037                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.savedCycles::total      3543998                       # Number of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculation       287569                       # Number of configuration that was slower and happens a misspeculation
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.missSpeculationRate     0.842686                       # Rate of missSpeculation considering the slower configuration
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::samples       341253                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::mean     1.471064                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::stdev     1.091169                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::1-10       341253    100.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::11-20            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::21-30            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::31-40            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::41-50            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::min_value            1                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::max_value            4                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.slower.slowerHistogram::total       341253                       # how slower (in cycles) the slower configurations are
system.cpu3.dreamsCommit.totalSavedCycles     62866645                       # Number total of saved cycles by dreams
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   11410744                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 35562044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                    132076774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes               234333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     159608105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         9564                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                1407114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.067611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.fetchCfg.fetchReadCgf       4582914                       # Number of configurations read in the fetch stage
system.cpu3.fetch.fetchCfg.missSpeculation      1297287                       # Number of miss speculation
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          35975384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          10410224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.945715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples         168765280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.945741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            0.879950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                48816537     28.93%     28.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                96023284     56.90%     85.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                13806504      8.18%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 4503930      2.67%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 5615025      3.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total           168765280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetchfetchCfg.endSuccessfully      3285627                       # Number of times the configuration ended with no missSpeculation
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                       12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                       0                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     35562044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35562044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 49348.017621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49348.017621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 49517.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49517.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     35561817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       35561817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     11202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     10052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     35562044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     35562044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 49348.017621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49348.017621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 49517.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49517.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     35561817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        35561817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     11202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     10052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     35562044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     35562044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 49348.017621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49348.017621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 49517.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49517.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     35561817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       35561817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     11202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu3.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     10052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                    31                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         175182.364532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       142248379                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   148.090900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.578480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.578480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        142248379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          148.090900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           35562020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle        160929000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           31                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total               31                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           4452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              703559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                11174227                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    0.922774                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    30940657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   7488108                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                    338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             23511365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           762094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7488415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          156382262                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             23452549                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           644945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            155736299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  126                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                703470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  127                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              60                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       118269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          676                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       352648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        350911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                 52162877                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    155677227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.974237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 50818998                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      0.922424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     155677284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               225908029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes              137132614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.920324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.920324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               57      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            125381595     80.18%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   12      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2             0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2             0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3             0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            23511305     15.03%     95.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7488263      4.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            12      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             156381244                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     12                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 24                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                12                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                         0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses             156381175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         481527752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155677215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        157441721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 156382130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                156381244                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1059465                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                8                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       119689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    168765280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.926620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.758522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           45604967     27.02%     27.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           98946122     58.63%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15792123      9.36%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            7837396      4.64%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             584672      0.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      168765280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          0.926595                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::samples      3543998                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::mean     46.062095                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::stdev    20.304542                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::0-3              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::4-7              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::8-11        122064      3.44%      3.44% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::12-15       166099      4.69%      8.13% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::16-19       380376     10.73%     18.86% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::20-23         9856      0.28%     19.14% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::24-27       117070      3.30%     22.45% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::28-31        58560      1.65%     24.10% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::32              84      0.00%     24.10% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::overflows      2689889     75.90%    100.00% # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::min_value            9                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::max_value         2076                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.mcpat.cyclesProcessor::total      3543998                       # Number of cycles to execute in SS processor
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads              105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores              49                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            23511365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            7488415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     19                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.numCycles                       168769732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  8                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            4                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean         3411500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   3613673.523346                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            4    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       493000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value      8683000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              4                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   168930627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED     13646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                      174541                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                4991124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            136778922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                44108520                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents               116897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            228137640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             157731140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          138950613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                118425133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                233551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                703470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               525607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                 2171691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups               12                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       228137628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1862                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                78                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                   700954                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            77                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   323323268                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  313468273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            144                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3mcpat.cyclesToRunInstructionOnSS    163243974                       # Cycles need to run the instructions mapped on dreams in SS.
system.cpu3mcpat.totalCyclesOnDreams         71829189                       # system.cpu3.dreamsCommitTotal of cycles running on dreams
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        77489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        72819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                  330709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        81664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1675584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1576384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3757184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  7197184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            221089000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             2300997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy             2598998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              603999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            78618999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy              624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy            73940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy              609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           176397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       44032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             218732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.244509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.449014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   166539     76.14%     76.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    51376     23.49%     99.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      431      0.20%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      300      0.14%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                       86      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total               218732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1072                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          335                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       107381                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        50670                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         219193                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            51005                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                            107214                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              111062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           659                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            212805                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                818                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               818                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         109684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        47666                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        47666                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        29000                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_misses::total            1                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        29000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            1                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst          768                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst          201                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst          203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1380                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 104048.013245                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       120800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 125488.372093                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 136642.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109227.621483                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84114.238411                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       100800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 105488.372093                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 116642.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89278.772379                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          164                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          151                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          122                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          161                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           598                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     62845000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      6040000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     10792000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      5739000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     85416000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.786458                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.248756                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.413462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.206897                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.566667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     50805000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      5040000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      9072000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      4899000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69816000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.786458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.248756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.413462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.206897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104845.124283                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 88324.324324                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 86767.441860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 88235.955056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99332.901554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84845.124283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 68324.324324                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 66767.441860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 68235.955056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79332.901554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total                6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     54834000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      6536000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      7462000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      7853000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76685000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.992288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     44374000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data      5056000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data      5742000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data      6073000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61245000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          523                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        26022                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        24480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        58522                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       109352                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 103863.354037                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 117972.061657                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129523.175018                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 115485.158509                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119187.427305                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 83863.354037                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97972.061657                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109523.175018                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 95485.158509                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99187.427305                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     33444000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3061375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3168914000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6750223000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13013956000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.981707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997233                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999428                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998509                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        25950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        24466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        58451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       109189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     27004000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2542375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2679594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5581203000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10830176000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.981707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        25950                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24466                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58451                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       109189                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        31000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        31000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data        62000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        62000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          506                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total          506                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          506                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total          506                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst          768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst          201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        26102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        24566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst          203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        58611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 104048.013245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104471.005917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       120800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 117887.757455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 125488.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129373.411535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 136642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 115443.730782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118978.689398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84114.238411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84471.005917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       100800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97887.757455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 105488.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109373.411535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 116642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 95443.730782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98979.050595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data              6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data             78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data             14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data             71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     62845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     88278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      6040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3067911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     10792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3176376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      5739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6758076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13176057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.786458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.992949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.248756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.413462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.206897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        26024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        24552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        58540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            110743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     50805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     71378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      5040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2547431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      9072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2685336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      4899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5587276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10961237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.786458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.992949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.248756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.413462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.206897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       110743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst          768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data          851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst          201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        26102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        24566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst          203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        58611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 104048.013245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104471.005917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       120800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 117887.757455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 125488.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129373.411535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 136642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 115443.730782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118978.689398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 84114.238411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84471.005917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst       100800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 97887.757455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 105488.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109373.411535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 116642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 95443.730782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98979.050595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data             6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data            78                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data            14                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           161                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data            71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     62845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     88278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      6040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3067911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     10792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3176376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      5739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6758076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13176057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.786458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.992949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.248756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.413462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.206897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        26024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        24552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        58540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           110743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     50805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data     71378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst      5040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2547431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst      9072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2685336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst      4899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5587276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10961237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.786458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.992949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.248756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.413462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.206897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        26024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        24552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        58540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       110743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                    106804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.538061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1856836                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.095417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    11.200386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    15.078139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     1.229511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   705.796269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     3.604669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   568.289073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     0.606128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  2762.275310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.003681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.172314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.138742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.674384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               110900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1856836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4071.174901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  316                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1521211.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 47598.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       244.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples       845.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples        50.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     25983.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples        86.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     24500.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples        42.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples     58494.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      28848.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       228809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        18941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        32579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        15911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            296240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            228809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data            320106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst             18941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data           9858493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             32579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data           9300866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             15911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data          22176307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41952011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          119708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           228809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data           320106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst            18941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data          9858493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            32579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data          9300866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            15911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data         22176307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42071719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          119708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                119708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        59354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     119.485932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.603044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     64.780549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         29603     49.88%     49.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29569     49.82%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           44      0.07%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           26      0.04%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.04%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         59354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 7078656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7087552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 20224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        38656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          50048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          38656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data          54080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst           3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        1665536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst           5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        1571328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst           2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        3746560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7087552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        20224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            20224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          604                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data          845                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst           50                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        26024                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst           86                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        24552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst           42                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data        58540                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     33039.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     33116.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     48445.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     46461.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     53334.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     57862.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     63273.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     44024.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        38656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data        54080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst         3200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      1662912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst         5504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      1568000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst         2688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data      3743616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 228809.176621216378                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 320105.553385642124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 18941.157005067580                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 9842961.649253418669                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 32578.790048716241                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 9281166.932483114302                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 15910.571884256769                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 22158880.757088463753                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     19955750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data     27983250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst      2422250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1209101750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst      4586750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   1420646000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst      2657500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data   2577214000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          316                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 3987669282.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 81446.975121790601                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1260103493250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               241585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 205                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data             845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst              50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           26024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst              86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           24552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst              42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data           58540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               110743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     46.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               7086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.057952428750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     5456.416667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    2058.102713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    6244.573462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511              3     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2     16.67%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      8.33%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      8.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      8.33%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    93533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    15153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     1881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     110743                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 110743                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       110743                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  46.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     51310                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     139                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   553020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   168944227000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5264567250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3190742250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.904680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.668558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      8.33%      8.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                10     83.33%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      8.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       316                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   316                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         316                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      153                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            2243479530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 214028640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      37739839650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             415.984965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      88025000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     3396120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   67225087000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13511284250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     1960409750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  82763347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             201573600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 113755125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       5188429920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                394199400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          8028427680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy       16153901940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             70278277545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          163499648000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  642060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            2225981670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 209773200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      37654734660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             415.781947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      89269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     3394040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   67290873250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13674346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     1920054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  82575690000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             200509920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 111493305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       5250635520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                395513160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          8023510560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy       16171346460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             70243978695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          163540905000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  480240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       324991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 324991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7107648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7107648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           215475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          598791000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            110785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  110785    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              110785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       103737                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        214250                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                               39                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             109969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           103149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        109971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 168944273000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.scheduler.requestFail                        0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and there is no enough idle resource in other columns
system.scheduler.requestSuccess                     0                       # Number of times which a column request a pe and other columns had idle pe
system.scheduler.totalRequest                       0                       # Number total of request for PE

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
